kelly4southrnil,action,great,day,weekend,thanks,today,come,town,hall,town hall,join,mike,big,people,ll,ago,gt,time,county,let
seanflynnca,ca,appreciate,thank,support,today,vote,november,california,congress,san,great,mnton_cagop,work,thanks,need,election,day,help,congressional,district
maxrose4ny,thank,support,let,win,today,campaign,ve,vote,need,day,congress,new,people,time,ll,veteran,office,great,like,know
courtneytritch,thank,today,day,women,join,make,tonight,great,meet,time,county,need,district,new,people,stop,honor,make sure,power,help
flores4congress,mnton_vp,mnton_secpompeo,mnton_realdonaldtrump,mnton_potus,american,economy,tax,americans,growth,today,america,great,proud,unemployment,families,jobs,thank,democrats,kavanaugh,country
janzforcongress,trump,thanks,valley,thank,support,help,let,today,local,district,opponent,make,campaign,office,need,people,going,race,house,time
18thil,history,town,today,county,hall,town hall,women,day,2018,congress,house,lincoln,week,west,like,campaign,event,evening,yesterday,trump
thomasmassieky,lincoln,county,dinner,great time,speaking,republicans,time,day,thank,great,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th
florida_cd5,mnton_realdonaldtrump,mnton_randpaul,mnton_youtube,liberals,thank,care,support,mnton_foxnews,liberal,don,gt,office,gop,mnton_potus,remember,stop,america,mark,american,interview
jerrymcnerney,today,michael,came,stand,thanks,message,support,hope,nation,ll,community,americans,happy,people,time,great,ice,veteran,4th,dc
castro4congress,today,san,vote,folks,election,trump,democrats,join,opportunity,road,young,day,let,way,make,support,polls,weekend,race,hope
rogerwallison,mnton_sensanders,mnton_foxnews,trump,god,illegal,people,left,today,mnton_realdonaldtrump,district,north,democrats,000,thank,vote,american,great,president,time,don
susieleenv,hshtg_nv03,mnton_susieleenv,mnton_dannytarkanian,thank,great,today,washington,proud,congress,need,make,time,support,join,work,help,working,vote,families,years
markreed1776,mnton_secpompeo,mnton_realdonaldtrump,mnton_antoniosabatojr,mnton_ajaforcongress,mnton_potus,trump,president,mnton_foxnews,people,liberal,iran,today,president trump,want,need,ca,opponent,american,support,peace
sewell4congress,alabama,today,women,vote,rights,great,like,voting,day,power,amazing,honor,speaking,trump,job,high,way,passed,fair,join
anthonybrownmd4,got,mnton_realdonaldtrump,president,job,men,th,house,4th,congressional district,governor,funding,men women,debate,action,senator,states,bring,long,watch,end
janasanchez,thank,yes,candidates,need,great,people,thanks,signs,house,know,mnton_realdonaldtrump,trump,vote,love,republicans,help,day,district,women,today
pauldavisks,farmers,dc,today,ve,campaign,tax,washington,president,work,congress,cuts,time,week,great,need,like,thank,people,law,state
marcveasey,congressman,today,great,thank,families,know,trump,country,work,2018,make,mnton_realdonaldtrump,state,vote,women,things,happy,history,amazing,new
vote4cleaver,trump,vote,mnton_realdonaldtrump,today,think,white,kavanaugh,judge,house,election,let,important,president,thank,law,new,country,year,annual,federal
flynndbroadyjr,hshtg_gapol,need,school,help,people,long,make,funding,support,public,know,time,day,congressional,nation,today,vote,court,federal,candidates
bradyfortexas,tax,tax reform,reform,tax cuts,cuts,jobs,mnton_potus,act,ways means,economy,families,harvey,houston,america,thanks,growth,house,nancy,nancy pelosi,pelosi
haydenshamel,thank,wonderful,women,district,time,day,state,world,fight,today,morning,congratulations,win,best,tonight,help,better,running,candidate,people
ilhanmn,thank,rep,today,people,women,proud,support,state,great,time,excited,vote,house,need,yes,like,running,day,know,congress
reschenthaler,thank,county,great,county republican,day,night,hall,senator,county fair,today,morning,district,thanks,yesterday,new,join,meet,committee,saturday,support
bobrackleff,florida,district,tax,congressional,congressional district,saturday,cuts,day,county,city,tax cuts,north,congress,chairman,health,support,vote,win,families,working
abraham_ralph,life,congressman,weekend,gov,democrats,great,amnesty,taxes,work,make,right life,men women,pro,day,place,run,pro life,end,sign,men
lorieb4congress,thank,join,day,don,today,early,help,election,team,time,saturday,need,voting,vote,campaign,election day,support,women,ready,people
joycebentleycd1,mnton_youtube,immigration,democrats,tax,nancy pelosi,video,pelosi,nancy,repeal,ice,taxes,winning,house,tax cuts,thx,cuts,think,watch,rep,economy
danarohrabacher,president,california,president trump,illegal,great,america,pelosi,reagan,immigration,trump,beautiful,mnton_realdonaldtrump,world,gov,peace,ve,thanks,war,republican women,policy
colvin4congress,thank,today,county,need,support,great,day,campaign,district,like,days,funding,proud,health,let,folks,vote,time,team,people
aronoff4usrep,nh,district,houston,debate,hshtg_walkaway,want,running,people,day,ve,great,family,el,make,george,came,believe,la,media,know
realjohnmccann,illegal,mnton_realdonaldtrump,hshtg_maga,mnton_potus,fight,american,america,thank,americans,congressman,support,congress,today,great,time,immigration,john,new,work,trump
abby4iowa,hshtg_ia01,folks,day,great,night,volunteers,today,state,doors,working,time,thank,country,grateful,hard,ve,talking,know,family,thanks
gregsteube,conservative,florida,pro life,pro,rights,congress,scott,illegal,amendment,week,good,governor,immigration,passed,leader,time,thank,long,service,endorsement
wittforprogress,need,mnton_sensanders,california,people,want,elected,congress,ca,money,like,time,let,district,today,support,world,military,justice,help,party
dinatitus,thank,trump,today,women,proud,fight,vote,mnton_susieleenv,support,day,stand,continue,families,happy,endorsement,state,protect,office,endorsed,congress
loisfrankel,announce,women,congress,members,th,americans,thanks,rtwt,new,great,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,veterans
repevans45,county,county fair,today,friends,fair,great,great time,michael,time,congressman,thanks,ve,vote,tonight,farm,congress,folks,forum,family,night
cline4virginia,cline,sanctuary,today,county,great,district,valley,night,mnton_realdonaldtrump,thank,enjoyed,congratulations,gop,thanks,forward,let,look forward,republicans,scott,washington
gunny_harmon,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
flacc4congress,thanks,thank,town hall,hall,town,people,today,candidates,forum,great,district,looking,looking forward,ll,tomorrow,time,hope,new,happy,check
johnelleson,facebook,john,video,new,good,2018,god,residents,day,today,need,service,11,people,hawaii,korea,congressional district,great,hard,10
vgescobar,el,trump,border,women,today,thank,family,kavanaugh,families,congress,day,vote,time,history,new,house,great,people,make,immigration
bradsherman,discuss,today,california,mnton_foxnews,meeting,trump,mnton_realdonaldtrump,korea,tune,valley,ll,hshtg_sotu,north,school,meet,members,deal,house,president,joined
watts4congress,mark,vote,people,time,need,like,district,know,gop,help,ve,north,congress,let,voted,candidate,support,today,opponent,better
houlahanforpa,women,today,congress,let,thanks,november,thank,came,sign,volunteers,great,support,time,weekend,days,campaign,house,families,west,years
drkyle4congress,opponent,support,thank,need,ll,proud,campaign,county,women,ve,great,join,congress,people,know,let,family,excited,week,today
mccauley4pa,hshtg_maga,video,know,days,thank,town,congress,follow,signs,patriots,like,big,vote,amnesty,free,support,read,need,work,come
lee4uscongress,county,people,love,come,parade,district,day,hope,congressman,vote,yes,mnton_youtube,thank,members,folks,join,time,women,city,great
karringtonsc,sanford,mark sanford,mnton_karringtonsc,katie,mark,thank,mnton_realdonaldtrump,today,support,time,prayers,hshtg_maga,morning,president,gop primary,mnton_potus,trump,great,joe,voted
drmarkgreen4tn,great,county,county republican,honored,enjoyed,great time,today,republican,time,honor,dinner,day,team,sanctuary,week,party,reagan,senate,president trump,president
stevekingia,heartbeat,amnesty,life,god,right life,illegal,right,america,today,conservative,day,vote,law,year,act,obama,time,national,mnton_realdonaldtrump,democrats
becongress,hawaii,mnton_realdonaldtrump,mnton_foxnews,republican,people,primary congress,congress,yes,support,love,know,running,trump,really,need,candidate,make,governor,right,amendment
foxxforcongress,county republican,enjoyed,mnton_sbalist,reagan,lincoln,county,today,weekend,voting,dinner,thank,early,day,honored,republican,thanks,follow,grateful,county gop,saturday
elisestefanik,mnton_elisestefanik,county,thanks,great,today,proud,thank,important,support,work,north,community,day,gt,county gop,country,local,read,gop,annual
spanbergerva07,join,campaign,today,vote,thank,tonight,meet,help,great,voters,friends,support,excited,primary,day,make,bring,women,share,amazing
donnorcross4nj,new,families,today,trump,working,need,sign,fight,proud,president,join,stand,make,important,continue,president trump,time,happy,fighting,gop
erik_paulsen,day,today,tax,great,tax reform,national,rogers,happy,reform,birthday,act,house,job,sign,know,repeal,law,passed,health,great day
markharrisnc9,thank,mark,support,district,north,today,great,day,thanks,ve,join,conservative,president,campaign,god,race,let,congress,county,republican
lizzie4congress,houston,thank,today,thanks,support,proud,day,women,working,endorsement,health,vote,congress,glad,john,work,great,ready,time,community
edcasehawaii,hall,political,long,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa
petestauber,parade,thank,great,today,meet,sure,day,make sure,support,make,joe,family,county,game,ready,time,fun,happy,mnton_realdonaldtrump,stop
robinlynnekelly,thank,today,women,mnton_realdonaldtrump,day,house,state,school,support,farmers,join,thanks,great,2018,friends,family,people,trump,year,fight
joshuamahony,today,thank,campaign,great,district,people,come,tonight,candidates,ve,thanks,vote,community,fight,ll,night,day,democrats,help,time
audrey4congress,california,thank,county,support,district,campaign,congressional,today,thanks,great,ca,meeting,day,forum,grateful,office,candidates,candidate,help,meet
katieporteroc,katie,mnton_realdonaldtrump,campaign,california,opponent,thank,vote,today,trump,women,proud,people,congress,voted,big,families,support,time,money,fight
beraforcongress,sacramento,doors,elk,team,action,week,day,voters,weekend,join,county,make,days,thank,vote,today,making,come,care,office
buddforcongress,tax,pelosi,tax reform,nancy pelosi,nancy,reform,day,great,seeing,campaign,businesses,small,bonuses,happy,today,taxes,north,thank,american,tax cuts
francisrooney,florida,funding,secure,government,need,work,economy,working,protect,strong,president trump,politicians,fighting,time,men women,president,scott,life,congress,ve
mjhegar,thank,vote,people,women,today,support,thanks,great,candidate,yes,running,need,amazing,congress,excited,better,time,district,ll,let
katherineclark,women,congress,candidates,congratulations,running,families,day,november,check,thank,need,make,election,proud,leadership,friend,candidate,days,maine,great
nicolaskimazfl,great,florida,trump,need,hshtg_maga,god,mnton_realdonaldtrump,president,president trump,people,news,event,district,thank,america,time,vote,war,democrats,want
peterroskam,thank,tax,today,great,health,meeting,new,discuss,act,iran,chairman,tax reform,ways,work,policy,thanks,congressman,jobs,afternoon,reform
sethmoulton,country,trump,proud,need,veterans,congress,americans,like,today,service,america,work,new,american,time,mnton_realdonaldtrump,people,ve,support,good
nelsonforsenate,florida,scott,la,el,people,ve,health,help,protect,today,great,trump,public,day,working,need,honored,support,future,election
votejimjordan,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
josephbrumbles,mnton_realdonaldtrump,10,freedom,good,say,district,state,stand,need,remember,yes,candidate,rights,washington,thank,let,trump,things,year,people
marty_nothstein,great,county,day,valley,night,today,great time,morning,time,afternoon,yesterday,happy,talking,thank,people,tonight,county republican,honored,voters,best
anthonygonzalez,great,thank,day,happy,today,excited,american,work,hear,country,county,honor,mnton_troy_balderson,wonderful,campaign,team,new,jobs,support,time
leapeterson,arizona,thank,today,great,business,day,speak,thanks,morning,early,support,time,hard,congratulations,women,voters,governor,community,doors,happy
gdriskell,great,michigan,today,join,doors,thanks,thank,morning,happy,proud,work,volunteers,know,night,day,team,support,parade,weekend,local
dtorres4cong,david,today,tax,act,congress,united,unemployment,day,voted,like,jobs,states,great,mnton_realdonaldtrump,talking,united states,russia,new,time,country
ron4california,like,people,twitter,mnton_benshapiro,democrats,trump,left,think,media,know,right,say,ll,mnton_realdonaldtrump,ve,alex jones,white,want,need,let
bleeforcongress,trump,women,congress,let,families,california,health,people,rights,continue,today,time,kavanaugh,care,year,country,make,house,war,nation
votethornton,time,today,support,let,need,thank,county,rights,make,day,great,people,women,prayers,country,november,kavanaugh,love,join,school
jenniferforva,people,today,mnton_sensanders,time,thank,district,campaign,ll,need,valley,vote,day,women,like,support,ve,year,endorsement,great,cline
electlong,town,town hall,hall,long,thank,vote,washington,people,endorsement,join,today,campaign,time,women,support,day,make,volunteers,candidate,work
kevinomccarthy,mnton_troy_balderson,hshtg_oh12,nancy pelosi,pelosi,nancy,media,republican,house,thank,hshtg_maga,november,gop,mnton_vp,days,unemployment,valley,proud,congress,mnton_potus,conservative
carbajalsalud,vote,grateful,tune,make,debate,support,looking forward,don,watch,rep,looking,important,primary,friends,forward,judge kavanaugh,el,election,campaign,california
morriseywv,west,joe,mnton_realdonaldtrump,liberal,conservative,senate,president,trump,today,obama,state,record,day,great,time,president trump,life,support,senator,office
stevedavid,time,people,today,houston,tax,got,going,like,ve,make,great,mnton_realdonaldtrump,thank,good,look,years,party,say,think,government
drlarrybucshon,county republican,lincoln,day,county,republican,dinner,great,party,great time,chairman,democrats,night,time,thanks,tonight,parade,republicans,mike,trump,district
dlipinski03,endorsed,great,parade,grateful,support,morning,thank,local,time,wonderful,day,thanks,proud,today,annual,great time,district,people,record,afternoon
tomcarperforde,scott,trump,today,team,ve,president,president trump,day,thank,support,state,need,ll,health,democrats,fight,join,country,great,thanks
ericswalwell,mnton_realdonaldtrump,trump,let,time,today,families,people,like,make,congress,vote,new,thanks,talk,hshtg_ia01,house,american,right,america,rep
voteyvette,vote,join,today,women,thank,support,work,know,time,tomorrow,power,continue,let,share,great,friends,community,look,make,come
electrodney,proud,men women,men,receive,fight,women,join,make sure,don,job,sure,want,make,early,day,free,today,needs,lives,check
val_demings,obama,alabama,history,good,florida,share,job,say,congratulations,school,washington,americans,honor,women,american,right,week,night,district,president
jontester,montana,days,veterans,folks,know,ve,public,proud,health,like,day,ll,fighting,senate,need,team,make,women,election,great
davidrouzer,brunswick,county,florence,hurricane,north,bring,care,sure,power,new,week,help,blessed,community,road,veterans,residents,home,stay,district
lisaringga01,thank,hshtg_gapol,today,support,district,vote,people,need,time,congress,candidate,2018,campaign,day,fight,make,join,brunswick,candidates,running
deanheller,tax,great,fight,thank,day,veterans,tax reform,support,today,thanks,business,mnton_vp,fighting,like,lincoln,state,reform,senate,businesses,hshtg_leadright
kycomer,county,dc,great,town hall,town,hall,day,honored,morning,today,seeing,clinton,farm,congressman,office,new,enjoyed,family,tonight,school
braun4indiana,great,joe,mike,county,politicians,kavanaugh,judge kavanaugh,washington,mnton_realdonaldtrump,support,liberal,like,senator,today,judge,business,ve,time,president,day
team_harbaugh,great,candidates,thanks,folks,running,today,candidate,town,thx,county,day,hall,town hall,debate,congressional,best,district,honored,support,thank
electconnolly,annual,great,democrats,friend,thanks,dinner,going,victory,group,district,ready,today,working,house,proud,doors,action,john,volunteers,voting
stabenow,michigan,debbie,president trump,trump,john james,president,great,senator,families,time,day,things,new,year,need,thank,james,soo,today,senate
jimhagedornmn,thanks,county,parade,state,campaign,today,fun,days,enjoyed,chairman,great,residents,thank,day,republican,support,gop,morning,evening,rep
jasonsmithmo,trump,week,mnton_realdonaldtrump,good,great,pelosi,tax,president,year,left,day,new,today,ice,000,americans,economy,jobs,american,nancy pelosi
leonardlancenj7,morning,proud,home,congressional,support,great,government,big,hshtg_leadright,afternoon,day,thank,fair,god bless,open,endorsement,bless,best,district,county
godutchformd,today,trump,vote,president trump,business,endorsement,community,sure,national,president,work,time,great,great time,free,make sure,security,saturday,don,service
debdingell,michigan,today,week,district,proud,debbie,town,sign,weekend,win,lincoln,join,election,support,day,thank,great,officially,farmers,governor
yvonnehinsonfl,florida,hshtg_flapol,thank,going,health,bring,women,trump,public,house,city,young,election,end,school,republicans,people,time,americans,families
johnculberson,houston,harvey,hurricane,tax,today,economy,tax cuts,cuts,new,funding,day,support,time,important,jobs,ve,thanks,proud,help,year
davejoyceoh14,great,today,happy,thank,friends,honor,want,night,county,congress,4th,day,yesterday,men women,women,lincoln,wonderful,parade,men,voting
dennyforpa,great,today,county,afternoon,time,great time,thank,statement,morning,day,meet,yesterday,evening,big,tonight,night,annual,farm,fair,thanks
joeradinovich,joe,great,today,people,thanks,need,working,like,stand,support,district,congress,know,morning,fighting,good,make,campaign,vote,thank
barlow4congress,vote,today,county,congress,support,thank,candidate,people,need,early,mnton_realdonaldtrump,like,running,want,families,campaign,tax,life,women,let
hawleymo,mnton_realdonaldtrump,senate,today,great,senator,tour,debate,president,kavanaugh,farmers,liberal,campaign,judge,stop,state,need,thank,judge kavanaugh,big,time
susanbrooksin,great,day,evening,lincoln,home,friends,tonight,dinner,county,thanks,vote,annual,amazing,city,hear,republican,happy,today,residents,doors
drreygonzalez,team,james,thank,taxes,signs,grateful,leadership,friend,economy,candidate,honored,help,happy,join,like,campaign,state,congress,day,today
debbielesko,mnton_debbielesko,hshtg_az08,mnton_azgop,mnton_repandybiggsaz,hshtg_leadright,arizona,debbie,mnton_potus,mnton_realdonaldtrump,great,today,hshtg_sotu,hshtg_maga,vote,congress,mnton_vp,conservative,thank,day,state
johnsonleads,day,great,lincoln,county,president,mnton_troy_balderson,today,dinner,time,county fair,county republican,happy,president trump,life,yesterday,fair,night,men,party,right life
drkimschrier,thank,women,honored,today,congress,support,endorsed,voters,need,ll,care,let,washington,district,join,endorsement,000,health,ve,campaign
bobhugin,new,senate,great,tax,taxes,committee,senator,people,day,state,make,today,years,county,voted,corruption,tune,time,morning,year
joeprofitga_04,district,congressional district,florence,run,congressional,families,house representatives,hurricane,el,campaign,blessed,joe,representatives,winning,4th,men women,war,passed,message,freedom
mac4northdakota,north dakota,dakota,north,debate,ll,great,farmers,live,today,work,health,thanks,tune,tonight,parade,good,need,friends,care,farm
votedannerkline,alabama,people,trump,congress,republicans,running,ve,house,campaign,democrats,district,want,10,immigration,support,years,candidate,working,going,deal
electlahood,primary congress,house ways,means committee,ways means,gop primary,named,ways,means,committee,gop,primary,house,rtwt,congress,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford
johnsarbanes,corruption,president,make,democrats,ballot,need,early,mnton_realdonaldtrump,washington,meet,statement,county,congress,discuss,reform,elected,make sure,today,voting,republicans
tomharrison4or3,alex jones,oregon,sanctuary,don,secret,like,people,repeal,yes,justice,policy,lot,john,read,economy,community,stop,trump,district,work
redmaryland,candidate,county,district,committee,like,people,state,don,live,want,governor,check,week,senate,campaign,debate,vote,yes,election,democrats
lloydsmuckerpa,hshtg_leadright,doors,right life,house representatives,republican,life,representatives,conservative,american,spending,thank,action,today,congressman,pro life,county republican,nancy pelosi,news,pelosi,know
senatorbrakey,maine,mnton_senangusking,mnton_randpaul,people,senate,dc,washington,mnton_potus,government,thank,mnton_realdonaldtrump,war,great,senator,support,want,constitution,right,time,state
chrisdepizzo,great,doors,county,today,jobs,time,voters,day,afternoon,night,job,need,unemployment,fun,fair,voted,like,america,folks,know
sarahsmith2018,people,thank,need,today,ve,want,time,war,campaign,vote,like,congress,primary,know,folks,candidates,check,candidate,working,got
timburchett,thank,great,good,folks,county,man,yes,day,ll,like,today,friend,doors,know,help,honored,sure,support,school,ve
timryan,great,today,proud,people,hshtg_oh12,mnton_realdonaldtrump,tour,president,vote,day,congress,need,trump,fight,united states,states,new,friend,valley,united
jimfrancisla01,mnton_realdonaldtrump,thank,like,people,know,think,day,thanks,campaign,let,good,don,help,republicans,want,time,say,need,president,gt
juliefortx25,today,thank,vote,ve,voting,congress,campaign,doors,need,town,great,early,people,running,country,going,day,town hall,way,hall
dmmd4tncongress,vote,running,need,today,district,coming,great,thank,help,let,candidate,people,candidates,congress,election,women,join,like,voting,know
congjoewilson,thx,grateful,hard,team,ve,work,today,businesses,joined,annual,future,strong,better,big,families,help,county,president,happy,like
votetimmons,vote,thank,support,conservative,meet,gop primary,tomorrow,primary,hard,tonight,sanctuary,today,great,congratulations,mnton_karringtonsc,people,4th,come,friends,discuss
anyatynio,mnton_realdonaldtrump,republican,thank,nice,great,good,wonderful,god bless,continue,bless,interview,time,days,military,county,speaking,service,support,god,day
vangie4congress,campaign,people,make,day,support,today,district,women,help,need,thanks,great,congress,running,thank,join,let,time,want,military
repbrendanboyle,trump,today,house,great,win,president,happy,thank,time,gop,like,ve,people,american,thanks,right,congress,know,proud,office
teamroby,02,alabama,support,honored,campaign,farmers,great,today,day,chairman,enjoyed,friends,election,continue,visit,proud,republican,congress,conservative,life
studlydevine,mnton_realdonaldtrump,trump,liberals,hawaii,media,game,liberal,president trump,district,nancy,president,history,left,congress,know,people,spending,real,states,economy
markpocan,trump,mnton_realdonaldtrump,people,scott,president,today,like,new,billion,think,thanks,000,district,house,gop,election,got,make,state,going
ayannapressley,hshtg_mapoli,today,city,thank,support,women,join,community,day,annual,love,work,time,need,people,proud,new,team,make,year
kathycastorfl,florida,scott,trump,vote,health,families,today,join,read,state,know,new,gov,need,public,america,right,republicans,people,house
jodyhice,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
harryforct,thank,support,thanks,growth,running,state,debate,today,tax,american,congressman,campaign,americans,help,gov,congress,10,immigration,iran,republican
gregformontana,montana,president trump,trump,president,great,mnton_vp,welcome,looking forward,join,looking,forward,tonight,country,taxes,make,leadership,today,special,making,economy
paultonko,trump,americans,republicans,health,american,america,tax,care,families,president,gop,people,working,democrats,time,make,mnton_realdonaldtrump,government,year,russia
katyforcongress,farmers,county,today,candidates,work,vote,county fair,make,tomorrow,candidate,stop,meeting,families,forward,thank,fair,like,weekend,sure,look forward
gregpencein,county,day,today,great,district,night,enjoyed,county fair,team,county gop,lincoln,fair,dinner,thanks,friends,election,stop,meeting,gop,time
conawaytx11,farmers,gt,farm,work,house,americans,chairman,live,today,job,great,committee,policy,forward,america,american,week,good,thank,looking forward
flygirlladyjay,come,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress
christineforwa,trump,today,president,make,people,america,saturday,volunteers,young,thank,join,4th,want,tonight,billion,office,republicans,congress,washington,time
votecasten,thank,district,support,trump,today,candidate,thanks,need,vote,time,great,congress,voted,people,tax,gop,like,ad,health,debate
romney4utah,county,today,senate,thanks,ballot,state,day,meeting,tonight,meet,morning,tomorrow,days,night,city,visit,great,join,vote,help
collinpeterson,thank,committee,farmers,rep,congressman,thanks,talking,meet,house,11,opportunity,act,issues,th,important,working,work,like,state,time
benniegthompson,trump,today,americans,house,mnton_realdonaldtrump,rights,security,people,national,congressman,senate,members,statement,act,hshtg_sotu,years,president,russia,office,day
nancysoderberg,florida,nancy,health,hshtg_flapol,great,today,honored,care,vote,join,women,district,thanks,country,new,fight,campaign,support,make,let
loriuscongress,hshtg_mapoli,thank,great,today,day,women,time,morning,need,tonight,support,campaign,proud,sure,voters,vote,happy,doors,work,like
jballcampaign,district,mnton_realdonaldtrump,great,vote,campaign,thank,help,president,job,trump,today,republican,america,county,county republican,president trump,win,november,coming,folks
johnfasony,new,act,great,thanks,county,ve,support,day,volunteers,farmers,local,taxes,house,thank,residents,pelosi,campaign,state,voters,stop
kevincramer,north dakota,dakota,north,parade,support,thanks,day,senate,mnton_realdonaldtrump,today,great,president,sanctuary,grateful,thank,voted,afternoon,hshtg_maga,welcome,house
mikekellyforpa,crawford,team,great,mike,county,day,time,today,tax cuts,cuts,great time,parade,congressman,tax,act,farm,north,economic,family,night
rashidatlaib,michigan,congress,people,today,trump,women,running,thank,need,proud,work,let,like,families,fight,mi,vote,working,justice,mnton_sensanders
adrbell,thanks,vote,people,support,need,today,let,congress,women,thank,school,time,help,houston,america,trump,make,great,running,campaign
votesanjaypatel,today,great,florida,day,time,people,thanks,stand,amazing,friends,weekend,community,women,night,meet,real,tour,meeting,join,school
scottforflorida,florida,la,el,great,washington,work,make,today,scott,state,time,taxes,ve,senate,people,senator,days,thanks,glad,business
hugocongress,hugo,john,officially,congress,committee,republican,hshtg_mapoli,thank,state,debbie,republicans,congressional,endorsed,campaign,chairman,hshtg_walkaway,facebook,congressional district,thanks,debate
johnmshimkus,facebook,better,ll,friends,join,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07
ringelsteinme,maine,mnton_senangusking,senate,trump,money,people,senator,candidate,kavanaugh,border,public,big,know,need,school,american,country,let,left,mnton_realdonaldtrump
standwithraul,trump,people,health,president,country,care,republicans,make,time,scott,families,protect,power,president trump,young,right,let,money,border,ice
suzandelbene,women,washington,today,trump,vote,thank,sign,make,volunteers,join,support,gt,day,state,proud,primary,act,week,republicans,year
leezeldin,great,mnton_realdonaldtrump,campaign,new,today,video,nation,special,endorsement,amazing,congressional,trump,need,mnton_foxnews,borders,district,gov,life,iran,rep
clarketucker,thank,today,people,county,day,time,morning,campaign,ll,good,vote,doors,state,great,support,health,proud,folks,early,night
ryanmcadams4va,follow,support,thanks,time,great,meeting,enjoyed,america,honor,good,4th,americans,national,day,yesterday,today,right,night,district,join
flanders4senate,judge,joe,senate,thank,join,voters,campaign,great,committee,statement,senator,day,meeting,new,enjoyed,time,town,week,state,morning
gbuck_jr,responder,candidate house,house representatives,veteran,representatives,florida,house,candidate,thank,veterans,god bless,bless,great,america,hshtg_flapol,george,god,day,today,friends
carolyn4ga7,hshtg_gapol,thank,today,vote,great,support,thanks,early,day,women,polls,election,morning,make,tonight,need,voting,join,wonderful,days
coreystewartva,mnton_realdonaldtrump,illegal,senate,president,left,trump,vote,support,thank,want,democrats,american,great,media,like,liberal,race,people,america,gt
ohforcongress,thank,support,local,meet,join,running,meeting,time,candidate,let,great,money,korea,need,want,republican,know,don,people,act
mikejohnson,years ago,ago,friends,america,years,country,time,today,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop
brianfitzusa,scott,families,working,tax,washington,county,congress,american,support,day,need,great,vote,time,thanks,named,tax cuts,congressional,stand,community
cortvo,today,great,doors,ll,day,campaign,people,thanks,morning,vote,work,join,time,proud,meeting,let,week,tonight,town,support
dr_raulruiz,supporters,amazing,volunteers,came,week,thank,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago
joshua_harder,valley,town,thank,support,town hall,need,today,hall,help,congress,immigration,district,thanks,campaign,voters,people,vote,like,great,reform
macthornberry,tax,senator,night,working,tax reform,president,state,growth,businesses,election day,seeing,military,reform,economic,early,amazing,john,federal,senate,economy
robertqwilliam1,good,morning,happy,day,great,twitter,today,friends,thank,let,visit,family,vote,florence,follow,hurricane,weekend,state,rep,sunday
tedracobb,mnton_elisestefanik,today,thank,need,vote,great,volunteers,people,county,time,women,candidate,support,tomorrow,proud,district,right,ll,parade,health
armstrong_nd,north dakota,dakota,north,great,tune,ll,thanks,morning,today,live,thank,fun,great time,time,day,10,tour,district,house,support
brianmastfl,mast,mnton_scottpresler,florida,don,hshtg_flapol,congressman,peace,lot,read,congressional,come,mnton_foxnews,morning,defending,work,election,proud,support,gt,secure
womack4congress,mnton_realdonaldtrump,conservative,honored,district,rogers,congressional,meeting,tax,republican,tune,right,morning,county,make,congressional district,tax cuts,look forward,signs,reform,cuts
dannykdavis,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
robanderson2018,need,people,money,billion,help,economy,reform,security,support,like,needs,time,washington,year,government,make,arizona,state,today,american
mayorlawrence,things,david,getting,strong,washington,way,new,mark,general,follow,pro,power,free,business,win,best,hard,good,work,gt
dbaria,david,rep,thank,senate,state,today,ve,people,good,help,time,county,working,make,vote,great,tax,house,trump,candidate
amodeifornevada,folks,honor,morning,election,great,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07
ellis4missouri,county,today,meet,democrats,meeting,women,thank,help,campaign,crawford,district,great,10,farm,vote,want,day,saturday,evening,state
louiegohmerttx1,san,congressional district,event,congressional,district,election,chairman,mark,action,birthday,senator,congressman,read,rep,love,home,nation,sure,tonight,year
davidcicilline,mnton_realdonaldtrump,today,president,thanks,great,rep,trump,people,new,house,republicans,proud,thank,join,congressman,care,country,tonight,facebook,friend
dougrbennett,district,good,republican,conservative,night,gop,congressional,early,political,great,election,growth,said,campaign,economy,voting,congress,today,think,believe
jacksonlee18,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
barrassoforwyo,mnton_potus,tax reform,economy,county gop,reform,gop,great,county,day,tax,today,primary,judge,county republican,years,state,proud,saturday,time,dinner
amyklobuchar,today,good,thanks,senate,great,week,need,state,time,new,act,women,day,news,president,farm,congratulations,people,game,law
betsyforil,today,town,thanks,town hall,proud,thank,hall,day,tonight,campaign,people,amazing,vote,congress,endorsed,support,time,great,join,ll
normajtorres,mnton_realdonaldtrump,trump,la,today,day,health,people,women,year,american,need,immigration,el,week,join,new,family,president,way,act
dewitt4congress,thank,support,ll,need,today,campaign,like,congress,running,people,vote,evening,great,la,money,time,help,work,join,make
luetkemeyerb,tax reform,tax,reform,economy,mnton_potus,jobs,growth,obama,new,tax cuts,unemployment,thanks,cuts,act,small,gop,passed,businesses,american,families
johnjamesmi,john james,james,michigan,mnton_johnjamesmi,john,gt,conservative,senate,veteran,mnton_foxnews,live,tune,debbie,president,today,message,join,thank,mnton_realdonaldtrump,support
donald_mceachin,trump,campaign,today,tonight,november,vote,going,people,great,race,free,help,members,lives,new,office,4th,days,day,honored
reelectcohen,congressman,watch,talk,time,rep,today,discuss,trump,act,women,morning,congress,11,coming,issues,fight,2018,tonight,make,election
angusking2018,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
jerrynadler,house,town hall,hall,town,republicans,great,join,senate,fight,night,trump,help,need,vote,state,november,getting,thank,folks,proud
jd4congress,campaign,today,republican,district,let,great,happy,day,americans,friends,november,win,thanks,tax,friend,check,meet,new,days,2018
donjbacon,great,thank,today,support,parade,grateful,endorsed,thanks,tax,day,work,happy,team,love,like,yesterday,time,hard,year,appreciate
malinowski,trump,gop,congress,thank,house,today,new,ll,america,democrats,republicans,law,tax,health,state,president,party,russia,rights,support
barbaracomstock,joined,today,great,tax,day,community,friends,support,rep,thank,federal,businesses,women,hshtg_leadright,passed,congress,morning,county,volunteers,economy
harris4congress,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
amieformaryland,great,great time,county,time,fair,governor,today,day,yesterday,sunday,women,campaign,washington,support,thank,federal,service,hear,cline,weekend
babin4congress,thank,great,night,today,great day,houston,support,republican women,county republican,house representatives,republican,house,new,day,representatives,game,power,seeing,years ago,spending
mlfudge,gov,primary,vote,winning,governor,candidates,congratulations,join,time,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans
donaldpaynejr,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
brill4congress,arizona,david,thank,ad,opponent,people,campaign,rep,congressman,vote,let,need,support,mnton_repgosar,congress,great,time,voters,work,today
mccaulfortexas,border,watch,security,hshtg_sotu,mnton_foxnews,interview,new,houston,proud,today,read,iran,hurricane,harvey,act,gt,mnton_potus,korea,news,sign
latta4congress,great,parade,county,day,beautiful,evening,dinner,lincoln,county republican,republican,today,annual,county fair,county gop,night,gop,honored,growth,fair,morning
lloyddoggetttx,trump,san,republicans,day,vote,republican,action,new,election,today,support,county,election day,americans,tax,early,amendment,friend,state,running
dana_balter,people,today,new,thank,john,day,support,time,trump,thanks,great,need,vote,campaign,women,congress,proud,voted,endorsed,community
grothmanforwi,tax,tax reform,mnton_potus,jobs,economy,reform,tax cuts,cuts,day,act,unemployment,gop,policies,great,growth,pro,country,glad,wonderful,thanks
guestcongress,michael,today,county,thank,week,great,vote,conservative,campaign,day,team,discuss,republican,district,support,congress,tonight,join,hope,family
abrindisi,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
crawford4cong,crawford,great,team,county,day,enjoyed,annual,right life,life,parade,pro life,sign,signs,reagan,sunday,folks,defending,record,days,yesterday
scottwallacepa,trump,thank,today,time,scott,proud,democrats,honored,support,great,endorsement,day,congress,receive,action,people,need,kavanaugh,security,meeting
danwood2018,kaufman,trump,voters,today,day,vote,great,campaign,thanks,let,live,meet,tour,help,district,running,win,read,tonight,ready
tracy4congress,hshtg_mapoli,work,campaign,100,congress,need,time,sanctuary,tax,congressional district,district,thank,country,taxes,unemployment,congressional,party,new,welcome,florence
richhudson,today,county,north,going,county gop,city,coming,continue,gop,republicans,remember,mnton_youtube,sure,friends,want,night,district,support,time,day
mckinleyforwv,nancy pelosi,pelosi,nancy,west,liberal,obama,policies,job,way,president,farmers,record,birthday,mnton_realdonaldtrump,republicans,families,let,know,trump,good
dprice4congress,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
lindafornc,county,join,north,day,fight,people,thank,democrats,enjoyed,proud,wonderful,02,town hall,hall,need,make,today,campaign,sure,town
replynch,great,thank,morning,friends,rep,open,check,day,today,sunday,committee,time,join,support,west,4th,look forward,election day,receive,grateful
candiusstearns,michigan,mnton_johnjamesmi,great,looking,looking forward,forward,mnton_youtube,seeing,come,event,video,mi,trump,support,republican women,day,republican,time,district,thank
gregstantonaz,city,today,arizona,community,great,years,new,day,thank,year,work,public,women,make,ve,school,service,people,ago,tonight
jaredhuffman,trump,president,today,russia,like,mnton_realdonaldtrump,kavanaugh,people,house,good,gop,congress,new,republicans,know,ve,white,mnton_potus,right,going
daveforiowa,great,annual,work,4th,day,city,senator,security,excited,people,ready,weekend,thank,farm,today,democrats,fight,working,county,like
duncan4congress,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
auctnr1,mnton_realdonaldtrump,mnton_foxnews,trump,kavanaugh,president,new,news,hshtg_maga,man,year,people,house,democrats,obama,today,say,great,north,korea,senate
dannyoconnor1,hshtg_oh12,great,vote,today,mnton_troy_balderson,election,doors,thank,special,thanks,day,help,time,county,let,support,district,make,ready,need
chrishunterfl,thank,news,today,florida,voters,trump,debate,day,endorsed,endorsement,health,friends,great,evening,american,voted,service,new,congress,campaign
chuck4congress,day,jobs,early,need,senator,happy,join,county republican,economy,voting,community,thank,team,honor,reagan,great,president trump,help,county,president
dandavidpa,thanks,today,rep,4th,david,meeting,yesterday,residents,great,night,town,tonight,wonderful,voters,speaking,thank,nice,event,town hall,discuss
grace4ny,women,need,trump,country,fighting,make,families,new,fight,vote,people,let,american,mnton_realdonaldtrump,health,young,work,americans,rights,year
oh5forgalbraith,campaign,thank,people,running,congress,support,district,today,military,like,years,need,michael,vote,gop,work,trump,group,great,important
boserforpa,county,women,town hall,voters,town,hall,today,farmers,meeting,thanks,congress,people,farm,great,week,help,support,need,thank,dinner
joycebeatty,americans,twitter,vote,day,congress,mnton_realdonaldtrump,today,sure,years,hshtg_oh12,governor,proud,ballot,people,health,long,endorsement,community,way,democrats
mcneil4congress,parade,county,candidate,meet,forum,county fair,town hall,congressional,hall,days,town,fair,valley,candidates,party,community,meeting,democrats,district,gas
lisabrochester,today,thank,happy,day,women,great,morning,afternoon,stand,proud,school,tune,election,vote,washington,way,honor,american,year,state
larsenrick,thank,endorsement,join,campaign,primary,today,great,democrats,ballot,day,receive,week,honored,time,washington,hope,great time,thanks,vote,night
philbredesen,today,campaign,senator,washington,people,governor,volunteers,thanks,want,vote,day,work,folks,make,ve,health,things,open,help,weekend
dustyjohnson,dakota,need,discuss,want,don,work,thanks,congressman,people,ve,gop primary,know,house,judge,like,make,ensure,campaign,vote,means
weberfortexas,senate,great,hard,facebook,working,video,beautiful,job,voting,hope,team,republican,trump,house,nancy,new,chairman,day,constitution,conservative
vote4schiller,day,today,people,county,great,women,time,proud,ready,congress,office,endorsed,amazing,families,thank,new,02,hard,action,candidates
maxinewaters,trump,rep,joe,supporters,thank,help,needs,mnton_realdonaldtrump,support,need,white,time,mnton_potus,country,let,alex jones,mnton_foxnews,news,michael,women
tjg4ga,need,congress,vote,like,make,campaign,november,lives,running,today,americans,want,republican,women,know,hshtg_oh12,working,county,war,immigration
siegelfortexas,thank,houston,mike,campaign,let,people,stand,republican,support,family,thanks,fight,public,congress,security,vote,today,voters,republicans,families
jahimes,mnton_realdonaldtrump,president,today,yes,trump,ve,american,good,know,people,day,thanks,say,years,house,need,right,think,new,like
marlalivengood,thank,san,working,california,congressional district,district,day,congressional,ca,county,vote,ballot,congress,support,time,new,enjoyed,election,mnton_antoniosabatojr,state
carloscurbelo,time,house,like,katie,ll,sure,ve,play,nice,appreciate,record,10,free,run,got,public,say,event,live,home
ppetsnek,thanks,folks,government,trump,congress,thank,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago
mcgovernma,hshtg_mapoli,democrats,great,thanks,today,join,morning,country,event,tomorrow,proud,people,november,office,campaign,stand,fun,joined,welcome,time
devinnunes,thx,mnton_mariabartiromo,media,read,lol,russia,news,valley,great,san,ca,interview,good,watch,new,act,clinton,morning,statement,work
rajaforcongress,arizona,united states,united,states,special,friend,ago,running,days,news,year,election,people,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga
leibforpa,thank,today,mnton_potus,great,support,city,day,time,need,american,state,people,year,congratulations,america,peace,like,amazing,proud,don
mattformontana,montana,hshtg_maga,trump,mnton_realdonaldtrump,support,president,great,thank,ll,time,senate,tax,president trump,money,conservative,want,sanctuary,gt,liberal,need
clyburnsc06,vote,enjoyed,speaking,right,join,governor,leadership,today,national,tour,debate,election day,looking forward,annual,history,make sure,young,end,voted,congratulations
krantz4congress,facebook,video,new,day,county,today,great,need,let,time,thank,women,tomorrow,vote,join,come,ready,voters,talking,people
buckforcolorado,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
lizforcongress,mnton_scottpresler,hshtg_leadright,thank,hshtg_maga,congress,help,lol,district,running,interview,mnton_foxnews,proud,ll,montana,peace,hshtg_walkaway,conservative,republican,know,join
duffy4wisconsin,gt,great,parade,check,week,american,mnton_realdonaldtrump,today,excited,reform,bonuses,tax reform,day,state,president,rate,trump,economy,unemployment,mnton_foxnews
lindatsanchez,republicans,thank,today,great,morning,help,obama,tune,evening,joined,grateful,11,amazing,business,came,believe,end,getting,high,lives
williamsformt,montana,congress,ll,work,great,public,today,women,time,thanks,policy,new,need,happy,congressman,thank,tonight,health,house,watch
vote_davidson,chairman,great,dc,congressman,fighting,meeting,rtwt,today,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop
rossspano,thanks,thank,enjoyed,great,florida,welcome,support,morning,mnton_realdonaldtrump,family,county,hard,debate,group,good,really,policy,hshtg_flapol,defense,people
jfitz4congress,mnton_cagop,mark,don,thank,mnton_realdonaldtrump,know,say,appreciate,gov,hope,john,speak,twitter,care,true,ca,voted,look,people,want
rubengallego,mnton_realdonaldtrump,arizona,trump,president,people,don,like,congress,russia,city,need,military,house,war,let,america,republicans,today,time,way
annlwagner,day,polls,election,today,great,happy,primary,men women,women,lives,men,doors,thank,make,thanks,time,lincoln,proud,vote,nation
votebillups,great,join,harvey,gt,mnton_eddieedwardsnh,hope,forum,john james,night,time,congratulations,event,community,honor,hshtg_walkaway,republican,morning,country,district,opponent
sharicedavids,thank,support,campaign,today,join,women,proud,thanks,congress,day,people,vote,office,rep,ll,endorsement,make,great,working,need
melforcongress,day,great,today,congress,thanks,folks,ll,local,health,morning,county,tonight,care,make,good,work,join,enjoyed,washington,ready
timkaine,trump,president,today,president trump,day,military,senate,ve,like,war,senator,time,years,proud,thank,year,people,great,long,old
vetfordemocracy,great,candidate,thanks,congress,folks,day,night,primary,parade,thank,today,beautiful,county,yesterday,nice,congressional,people,good,rep,need
ronestesks,support,campaign,nancy,voters,democrats,ice,years,ad,like,appreciate,vote,run,candidates,said,hear,nancy pelosi,better,ll,th,candidate
sripkulkarni,houston,thank,today,people,support,great,vote,voting,campaign,join,like,district,day,trump,election,early,let,know,time,debate
scholten4iowa,thank,help,district,today,campaign,vote,city,time,4th,support,congress,people,farmers,running,candidate,want,need,working,new,great
teamcalvert,sacramento,gas tax,gas,california,tax,democrats,repeal,mnton_cagop,voters,election day,county,rep,day,ca,statement,district,like,election,congressional district,message
elizabethheng,thank,valley,campaign,support,time,future,gas tax,let,family,new,better,facebook,need,california,make,great,farmers,ll,working,work
morganmurtaugh,california,san,thank,congress,running,help,love,mnton_foxnews,thanks,candidate,vote,lol,today,ca,happy,congressional,tonight,ll,time,say
jaywebbernj,great,today,thanks,day,thank,enjoyed,new,tune,campaign,support,america,people,gop,11,volunteers,tonight,working,stop,taxes,republican
avaforcongress,god,bless,god bless,houston,thank,love,people,good,vote,support,mnton_ajaforcongress,yes,president,let,america,hshtg_maga,life,time,help,trump
alcee4congress,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
desjarlaistn04,mnton_realdonaldtrump,obama,democrats,tax,jobs,president,economy,today,growth,media,americans,unemployment,new,house,year,thank,trump,years,news,american
dwstweets,trump,florida,today,scott,school,time,american,americans,people,health,women,nation,young,thank,act,ago,years,care,need,hurricane
sessionsfortx32,illegal,growth,sanctuary,tax,tax reform,ice,country,economy,gov,jobs,obama,families,tax cuts,years,border,act,reform,cuts,vote,mnton_potus
electdavidscott,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
mattcoreyct,senate,great,time,thank,republican,today,day,tune,great time,senator,town,state,campaign,help,interview,candidate,primary,committee,endorsed,mnton_realdonaldtrump
pdtedeschi,hshtg_mapoli,great,today,thank,campaign,support,tune,happy,thanks,tonight,time,day,friends,congressman,join,night,morning,team,want,congressional
elaineluriava,thank,today,day,thanks,morning,support,afternoon,great,women,work,honored,tonight,congress,voters,grateful,scott,opportunity,speak,proud,join
darrensoto,florida,hshtg_flapol,congressman,support,2018,vote,election,honored,primary,la,endorsement,thank,proud,today,el,house,announce,thanks,endorsed,hurricane
chiproytx,great,today,day,thank,right,thanks,good,god,like,best,people,new,time,life,years,know,year,happy,friends,old
betsyraderoh,congress,voters,great,campaign,folks,thank,join,proud,glad,rep,support,today,people,big,doors,congressman,night,talking,county,wonderful
brucepoliquin,maine,congressman,rep,end,hard,2018,women,work,election,state,rtwt,today,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young
drpeters4iowa,thank,support,want,think,state,meet,need,happy,thanks,today,republican,right,reform,true,vote,future,responder,came,voted,endorsement
bb4congress2018,la county,la,county republican,meeting,republican,county,president,president trump,real,speak,party,americans,reagan,borders,trump,new,california,great,opponent,kavanaugh
aftabpureval,great,thanks,today,day,congress,help,proud,join,working,campaign,families,stand,people,district,country,county,support,women,tonight,going
annmclanekuster,hshtg_nhpolitics,hshtg_nh02,nh,new,great,families,women,today,team,state,proud,election,supporters,day,yesterday,young,morning,happy,join,people
eshoo4congress,join,2018,sunday,primary,congress,governor,11,10,saturday,congressman,senate,candidates,rep,event,local,voters,state,gt,grateful,follow
marygeren,thank,primary,today,time,district,day,people,county,vote,let,candidate,congress,great,campaign,need,fight,running,meet,working,candidates
karaforcongress,need,vote,time,today,americans,women,people,congress,like,families,support,day,thank,money,make,house,proud,tonight,american,work
gwen4congress,mnton_realdonaldtrump,trump,people,women,right,day,stand,proud,working,friend,american,mnton_potus,today,join,look,honor,want,end,let,country
dunncampaign,great,fun,old,city,business,event,nancy pelosi,friends,tax,pelosi,week,working,county,nancy,gt,farmers,obama,conservative,ensure,tax cuts
jn4ush,county,vote,campaign,help,time,ve,congressional district,people,district,ll,great,today,congressional,evening,voters,want,voting,town,town hall,thanks
dwb4congress,help,david,campaign,big,need,people,day,running,come,know,district,time,going,november,great,weekend,support,thanks,amazing,10
danielfeehan,today,thank,farmers,great,people,support,service,day,congress,time,parade,proud,days,honored,community,forward,ll,tonight,country,policy
georgeholding,tax reform,tax,reform,florence,hurricane,bonuses,jobs,new,north,power,billion,time,tax cuts,george,cuts,pay,sanctuary,help,growth,000
marcforpa,ll,campaign,thanks,want,help,county,thank,new,state,president,time,good,great,town hall,congress,tour,ve,town,hall,day
delgadoforny19,great,people,working,hard,support,today,vote,valley,thanks,volunteers,folks,thank,campaign,work,time,need,county,doors,day,health
davidschweikert,arizona,signs,passed,group,beautiful,national,honor,let,know,help,support,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted
anitamalik,thank,support,today,fight,arizona,time,bring,ready,women,hshtg_az08,join,let,stand,people,work,david,team,campaign,community,families
rosa_delauro,today,congress,president,president trump,trump,country,women,billion,hshtg_sotu,new,working,national,people,republican,day,join,families,town,cuts,support
forwyoming,better,man,world,going,mexico,congress,time,secure,west,interview,fun,100,really,policy,visit,free,run,think,won,watch
kopser4congress,today,vote,great,thanks,san,thank,candidates,day,new,meet,voters,county,campaign,support,veteran,join,doors,like,candidate,tonight
janet4oh,week,follow,thank,today,time,support,people,great,running,congress,ll,president,work,need,women,know,right,working,help,house
standwithbarry,hshtg_sotu,hurricane,florence,thank,family,god,great,vote,today,freedom,time,america,tonight,year,constitution,proud,event,way,americans,mnton_briankempga
andiesaizan,la,women,people,thank,time,let,need,like,thanks,today,better,state,work,know,stop,think,money,needs,america,want
votejosh2018,love,day,city,district,support,time,today,important,great,honor,women,tonight,country,proud,republican women,annual,thank,10,visit,beautiful
brown_congress,vote,4th,candidate,congressional district,congressional,district,today,prayers,time,thank,meeting,people,let,forum,need,democrats,candidates,great,family,hope
maelvirasalazar,hshtg_fl27,el,mi,la,thank,support,want,day,today,honor,community,happy,great,country,florida,love,district,best,campaign,continue
joangreeneaz,mnton_repandybiggsaz,hshtg_az05,thank,know,people,let,folks,don,gop,like,say,said,time,vote,corruption,think,want,love,mnton_debbielesko,sure
votegregwalden,look forward,debate,share,make sure,opportunity,jobs,look,sure,forward,make,gt,grateful,follow,issues,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans
mccallforall,hshtg_gapol,trump,people,mnton_briankempga,like,mnton_sensanders,need,today,right,money,make,president,vote,work,know,man,don,mnton_realdonaldtrump,ve,let
gilcisnerosca,need,trump,proud,community,today,great,women,support,fight,families,thank,country,congress,honored,work,help,president,dc,join,time
kathleenrice,proud,endorsed,endorsement,named,congress,announce,signs,rights,action,got,fighting,continue,washington,voters,candidate,important,honored,ve,america,trump
davidjtrone,great,trump,people,day,thanks,congress,david,time,proud,today,need,meeting,make,important,right,ve,president,community,work,women
verone4congress,years,big,2018,man,stand,mnton_foxnews,korea,chairman,north,ballot,war,history,real,free,think,won,believe,mnton_realdonaldtrump,sign,say
jackiespeier,women,kavanaugh,know,mnton_realdonaldtrump,fight,trump,rights,san,don,need,believe,stand,stop,sure,come,dc,want,today,right,year
denver4va,thank,hshtg_leadright,great,district,county,campaign,today,debate,like,doors,check,support,need,day,happy,think,want,tonight,candidate,trump
reelectnydia,mnton_realdonaldtrump,trump,families,need,new,people,country,fight,women,hurricane,working,won,like,americans,fighting,ice,kavanaugh,proud,let,american
michaelgwaltz,mnton_foxnews,mnton_potus,florida,iran,today,join,military,michael,korea,congress,conservative,ll,day,mnton_johnjamesmi,north,american,tonight,tune,remember,president
williamkeating,honored,rights,proud,men,vote,americans,opening,today,women,working,endorsed,hshtg_mapoli,campaign,friend,local,thank,primary,prayers,year,ensure
tjcoxcongress,valley,thank,trump,great,today,campaign,support,families,people,proud,working,republicans,work,thanks,congress,david,mnton_realdonaldtrump,folks,voters,need
hidalgofor51st,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
jenniferwexton,today,senate,doors,great,day,women,time,thank,proud,morning,voted,vote,congress,general,need,night,ready,thanks,voters,state
jefffortenberry,house,lincoln,great,today,act,health,important,new,good,farm,defense,week,america,work,korea,state,national,community,washington,security
jamiefororegon,oregon,thank,district,need,support,vote,today,great,help,congress,time,needs,thanks,people,families,let,public,work,running,sign
charlieschaupp,mnton_therealjohnhcox,county fair,county,california,mnton_realdonaldtrump,gop,sunday,hurricane,fair,john,say,100,florence,coming,home,come,team,lincoln,mexico,state
beeler4congress,night,parade,looking,today,great,tax,game,time,republican women,looking forward,speaking,run,senate,money,washington,congressional,meeting,forward,america,republican
mickrich4senate,new mexico,hshtg_nmpol,mexico,new,great,county,enjoyed,republican women,county gop,tour,campaign,people,day,bonuses,parade,town hall,000,republican,town,hall
vantaylortx,great,proud,county,work,vote,republican,early,honored,event,strong,team,voting,day,voters,meeting,support,conservative,friends,happy,america
pramilajayapal,thank,proud,today,women,people,trump,congress,time,country,let,support,families,rep,vote,join,campaign,washington,need,state,want
acampanajjar,thank,mnton_realdonaldtrump,today,let,people,campaign,san,running,vote,endorsement,voters,congress,ca,california,happy,make,time,congressman,days,ready
ladysunshinenm,congress,new mexico,la,new,hshtg_nmpol,candidate,mexico,el,2018,fair,republican,congressional district,growth,immigration,tax,city,candidates,rep,needs,hshtg_walkaway
mccormickforco,hshtg_copolitics,today,thank,great,farmers,proud,county,parade,vote,saturday,night,endorsed,sign,help,fight,team,meet,weekend,ll,don
donyoungak,today,wonderful,happy,polls,make sure,young,great,friend,open,home,sure,make,named,state,vote,dinner,ballot,receive,grateful,things
tomforwi,night,great,today,trump,time,thanks,tonight,join,office,thank,campaign,day,country,help,need,like,support,district,people,make
drvenoch,thank,thanks,people,women,support,congress,running,campaign,candidate,district,know,help,candidates,today,need,join,county,like,right,vote
callahan4oregon,oregon,district,congressional district,congressional,interview,campaign,great,video,pro life,candidate,illegal,debate,sanctuary,forum,congress,mnton_realdonaldtrump,day,win,mark,got
robbinsforok,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
drpaulgosar,mnton_repgosar,esa,act,mnton_repandybiggsaz,members,chairman,arizona,today,congress,great,reform,mnton_realdonaldtrump,house,amendment,obama,states,forum,border,committee,support
higgins4wny,chairman,endorsement,honored,tonight,proud,committee,annual,city,today,great,primary,fight,national,county,join,dinner,judge,victory,opening,dc
haleylive,michigan,thank,love,great,people,friend,work,let,women,today,day,time,congress,need,year,support,house,going,vote,good
schneider4il10,great,join,women,action,morning,trump,day,election,today,proud,doors,stand,democrats,time,great time,tonight,country,saturday,volunteers,make
wadkins2018,congressional district,district,congressional,congress,follow,meet,running,vote,share,need,come,let,november,check,help,want,jobs,election,campaign,time
talleysergent,west,state,care,health,school,people,day,today,let,service,proud,great,county,time,public,won,join,ve,town,women
lenaepstein,michigan,thank,conservative,great,day,today,mnton_potus,time,campaign,women,republican,great time,residents,support,happy,mi,wonderful,birthday,president,community
tmac4congress,tonight,house,military,support,said,nancy pelosi,days,team,pelosi,liberal,korea,county,nancy,george,ice,interview,opponent,dc,men women,means
stenyhoyer,annual,voting,county,join,great,enjoyed,democrats,today,night,joined,voters,glad,early,day,morning,friend,election,important,ballot,women
marktakano,mnton_repmarktakano,mnton_angiecraigmn,hshtg_mn02,family,today,conservative,war,discuss,policy,future,000,november,ready,world,congratulations,continue,come,2018,ve,republican
kyrstensinema,arizona,senate,care,health,running,make,today,help,thanks,sure,make sure,need,things,washington,work,people,campaign,ballot,join,support
artforcongress,facebook,road,follow,oregon,signs,campaign,check,county,day,thank,ready,great,great day,time,stop,years,make,stay,opening,years ago
mariah4congress,people,working,congress,hard,running,great,washington,need,county,time,work,vote,want,support,thanks,thank,way,help,scott,know
judgejohncarter,great,thank,today,military,happy,receive,business,tax,family,week,annual,veterans,support,time,join,american,event,county,unemployment,thanks
uptonforallofus,michigan,great,today,day,work,businesses,jobs,proud,gt,thank,lincoln,happy,funding,county,folks,annual,endorsed,parade,honor,tax
congpeteking,today,great,gop primary,friend,good,campaign,proud,george,mike,dc,men women,pro,committee,endorsed,10,saturday,congressman,senate,job,mnton_realdonaldtrump
willhurd,ve,proud,national,today,san,military,ago,winning,2018,funding,men women,border,freedom,years ago,veterans,security,defense,men,office,law
ddadamscongress,thank,north,support,need,vote,district,today,people,candidate,know,running,congress,time,trump,make,women,like,help,let,day
janeraybould,senator,farmers,lincoln,washington,today,thanks,senate,day,health,campaign,state,party,care,vote,great,need,tonight,work,voted,special
rogerwilliamstx,hshtg_maga,day,county gop,happy,great,early,san,trump,voting,president trump,republican women,county,president,election,jobs,economy,time,kavanaugh,judge,friends
ocasio2018,thank,people,new,like,campaign,today,time,vote,help,primary,candidate,know,need,money,want,make,ice,candidates,ve,right
robbishoput,thanks,follow,county,congressman,county republican,economy,talking,strong,congressional,party,republican,country,good,happy,hshtg_sotu,named,state,day,mnton_potus,great
lucywins2018,hshtg_gapol,thank,today,women,day,help,need,join,running,vote,time,know,make,support,people,morning,district,congress,state,voting
archie4congress,thank,support,wonderful,today,trump,people,win,good,special,folks,new,campaign,thanks,tax,district,day,county,time,know,gop
geauxscalise,looking forward,mnton_debbielesko,looking,forward,government,mnton_foxnews,blessed,people,la,mnton_potus,men women,receive,things,lot,run,money,rep,men,congratulations,endorsement
mikelevinca,trump,san,mike,california,thanks,thank,mnton_realdonaldtrump,congress,campaign,today,house,great,need,join,let,honored,party,ca,gop,president
jacobturk,morning,grateful,parade,help,tomorrow,forum,folks,year,lot,congressman,talk,day,candidate,nice,need,election,election day,11,city,visit
ron_dinicola,thank,join,today,hope,great,day,congressional,stop,time,vote,check,work,event,state,voters,race,great time,saturday,county,make
peteolson,houston,mnton_potus,illegal,obama,economy,jobs,ice,border,job,unemployment,tax,harvey,nation,ve,veterans,immigration,policies,veteran,world,great
davis4maryland,county,primary,early,day,election,vote,republican,voting,polls,saturday,congress,conservative,2018,candidates,read,election day,tomorrow,candidate,city,forum
blumforcongress,hshtg_ia01,talking,signs,voters,sign,debate,support,great,need,gop,tax cuts,forward,tax,today,cuts,county,looking forward,election,10,economy
bevgoldstein,mnton_realdonaldtrump,11,mnton_troy_balderson,twitter,mnton_potus,vote,candidate,support,congress,illegal,help,mnton_scottpresler,hshtg_maga,district,campaign,hshtg_walkaway,000,great,gop,iran
xochforcongress,new mexico,thank,new,mexico,county,day,today,support,great,public,honored,thanks,amazing,work,endorsement,running,working,primary,ad,time
tedlieu,mnton_realdonaldtrump,mnton_potus,house,trump,today,twitter,don,thank,know,read,military,like,law,right,say,rep,white,people,means,korea
hallcongress,hall,district,vote,need,thank,follow,facebook,county,congress,state,people,candidates,today,time,support,day,primary,work,election,help
webstercongress,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
negron4congress,hshtg_nh02,hshtg_nhpolitics,nh,great,team,today,day,night,time,gop,republican,thank,committee,tonight,candidates,morning,new,meeting,meet,evening
berniesanders,people,country,trump,today,mnton_sensanders,state,support,nation,governor,fight,thank,stand,health,vote,care,michigan,proud,political,make,working
beckforindiana,county,people,4th,county fair,today,support,great,fair,district,thank,campaign,time,women,money,ve,clinton,stand,tonight,come,talking
rickkennedytx17,support,let,vote,people,day,trump,tax,today,like,congress,got,know,time,thanks,ve,better,going,district,health,care
johnlarsonct,need,tax,security,republicans,help,week,make,great,proud,time,health,work,americans,republican,good,working,families,day,ve,gop
ironstache,mnton_realdonaldtrump,trump,people,today,thank,need,help,going,campaign,like,working,year,got,ve,make,000,won,scott,tax,vote
roncohenus17,don,california,people,illegal,mnton_realdonaldtrump,right,mnton_randpaul,trump,law,good,said,liberal,say,real,government,president,really,like,yes,state
angiecraigmn,hshtg_mn02,mnton_angiecraigmn,thanks,thank,today,families,need,days,farmers,support,congress,work,day,proud,let,help,make,working,ready,volunteers
hornforcongress,thank,vote,great,time,ve,let,going,make,today,got,campaign,help,doors,thanks,voting,people,support,young,need,women
carolmillerwv,west,mnton_realdonaldtrump,thank,hshtg_maga,mnton_sbalist,gt,great,work,congress,support,happy,mnton_potus,jobs,day,birthday,today,women,time,strong,washington
diane_harkey,gas tax,gas,tax,repeal,office,opening,speaking,mnton_cagop,california,thank,tune,great day,opponent,work,campaign,victory,today,great,watch,sign
diannefeinstein,senate,california,trump,senator,women,kavanaugh,proud,endorsed,vote,president,election,court,support,stand,new,make,today,right,read,families
campbell4md,senate,republican,county,thank,day,republican women,great,states,campaign,today,primary,governor,yesterday,united states,united,support,time,evening,candidate,candidates
martyo4congress,great,today,good,campaign,city,county,day,thanks,enjoyed,district,republican,house,meeting,beautiful,congress,happy,economy,event,time,like
cartwrightpa,day,opponent,congress,great,proud,join,annual,said,time,office,ll,help,year,thanks,opening,vote,new,11,pay,security
robertsohiod6,thank,people,need,vote,folks,don,know,like,women,time,county,yes,district,great,candidates,today,running,candidate,good,state
mariodbcamp,florida,la,community,secure,year,hshtg_fl27,2018,victory,today,committee,happy,el,11,school,endorsement,continue,mnton_potus,great,gop primary,house
russfulcher,today,support,thank,congressional,happy,join,tour,congress,friends,endorsement,day,thanks,freedom,race,life,constitution,read,voting,great,meet
naomilevinny,today,iran,thank,district,10,new,great,congressional,candidate,republican,city,speaking,campaign,meeting,running,tonight,rep,wonderful,looking,support
donbeyerva,today,trump,house,great,day,november,thank,annual,support,join,proud,gov,people,district,time,win,federal,saturday,women,doors
deanbphillips,thank,today,thanks,congress,campaign,time,ll,amazing,people,parade,mnton_angiecraigmn,trump,corruption,money,honored,coming,action,president,work,visit
curtisut,town hall,town,hall,meeting,join,saturday,today,come,ballot,voters,office,thanks,day,district,congressman,need,looking,great,thank,100
jrutherfordfl,republican women,discuss,opportunity,republican,women,week,thanks,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay
pearlkimpa,thank,great,women,today,new,gop,congress,running,day,enjoyed,honored,join,meet,came,morning,interview,district,county,year,need
vickyh4congress,economy,thank,read,day,today,president,government,nation,federal,defense,jobs,life,news,believe,house,year,hear,election,weekend,endorsement
cresenthardy,great,beautiful,thanks,friends,came,welcome,tour,proud,today,means,people,supporters,glad,work,voters,white,community,support,day,thank
johnrosefortn,county,president,great,president trump,tonight,today,trump,stand,thanks,day,good,borders,fair,mnton_realdonaldtrump,county fair,country,meeting,need,support,thank
frank4nc,county,today,campaign,public,north,great,day,thanks,join,sign,seeing,washington,hurricane,florence,community,ready,support,make,folks,stop
tammyforla,thank,women,day,meet,today,let,need,night,time,yes,great,la,tonight,country,help,district,forum,make,event,support
jimmygomezca,mnton_realdonaldtrump,trump,vote,today,families,republicans,house,thank,california,time,day,people,know,great,let,congratulations,need,ca,la,working
drewfergusonga,conservative,mnton_briankempga,pelosi,border,today,trump,nancy pelosi,president trump,proud,tax,working,tax reform,nancy,president,families,court,american,act,want,let
vote_chuck,hshtg_gapol,need,vote,like,want,help,ll,care,don,country,work,make,people,power,today,veterans,candidates,war,day,stop
susan4senate,debate,state,today,senator,senate,washington,day,support,voters,thank,election,great,county,ballot,parade,families,republican,women,republican women,county republican
costafor16,sacramento,valley,farm,video,border,immigration,share,john,lives,look,friends,california,florida,day,great,farmers,politicians,prayers,dinner,fellow
team_coffman,coffman,hshtg_copolitics,mnton_repmikecoffman,mike,ad,love,campaign,community,veterans,support,statement,today,win,political,district,congressman,check,new,pelosi,family
tomreedcongress,tax,working,families,care,business,tax reform,good,happy,new,governor,day,thanks,today,thank,reform,news,small,read,protect,law
wildforcongress,campaign,today,help,congress,join,thank,work,ve,support,week,valley,day,need,families,time,hshtg_sotu,voters,community,women,strong
santos4congress,illegal,ice,today,issues,borders,people,win,great,10,parade,day,state,vote,congress,live,republicans,stop,thank,veterans,taxes
tedcruz,senator,houston,today,game,watch,gt,great,new,tax,join,iran,day,live,saturday,senate,support,thank,let,kavanaugh,national
schoolcraft4mo,thank,let,need,help,vote,district,people,thanks,time,work,make,money,today,day,support,want,yes,know,think,long
rickallen,illegal,gop primary,border,said,mnton_realdonaldtrump,jobs,bonuses,school,gop,tax,family,working,god,announce,tax cuts,glad,cuts,early,federal,senate
chrismurphyct,trump,new,today,health,care,people,talk,great,help,senate,funding,need,republicans,day,want,congress,like,school,week,morning
andybiggs4az,hshtg_az05,mnton_debbielesko,mnton_azgop,arizona,early,mnton_repandybiggsaz,election,republicans,mnton_potus,vote,conservative,great,border,ballot,secure,today,mnton_realdonaldtrump,patriots,party,look
joekaufmanusa,kaufman,joe,trump,debbie,congress,mnton_youtube,florida,candidate,republican,congressional,mnton_realdonaldtrump,work,district,obama,community,president,support,clinton,campaign,stand
leeauman2018,alabama,ll,good,vote,hope,meet,today,town,district,people,tonight,congress,support,time,morning,town hall,live,great,thank,going
votemimi,la,people,thank,trump,women,kavanaugh,congress,years,vote,gop,federal,money,big,country,running,better,americans,support,judge,tax
grace4congress,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
walker4nc,great,north,mnton_johnjamesmi,today,friend,thank,hurricane,support,good,conservative,day,friends,reagan,sanford,lincoln,folks,morning,liberal,help,county
drphilroe,today,chairman,week,read,act,day,tax,honor,veterans,proud,great,american,thanks,national,statement,house,president,passed,president trump,economy
voteantonio2018,mnton_antoniosabatojr,thank,support,california,mnton_cagop,vote,ca,fight,help,hshtg_leadright,mnton_potus,time,campaign,god bless,family,week,country,god,patriots,law
reelecthank,thank,great,day,said,honor,let,today,year,happy,town hall,hall,support,victory,town,morning,trump,annual,make,history,vote
ryandowning2018,god,hshtg_maga,party,america,god bless,mnton_realdonaldtrump,bless,best,committee,thank,great,hshtg_walkaway,white,video,congress,receive,message,support,lol,fair
decideondesai,people,crawford,make,vote,district,campaign,thanks,time,great,today,work,county,like,running,help,let,voters,congress,candidate,support
johnmoolenaar,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
holden2018,florida,david,today,thank,let,join,need,day,vote,people,time,help,support,congress,new,public,great,honor,congressional,women
repdmb,hshtg_copolitics,women,today,district,great,vote,running,support,need,primary,people,candidates,campaign,public,ve,thank,help,thanks,won,endorsed
conorlambpa,today,great,people,lot,thanks,doors,day,county,morning,voters,new,help,special,polls,vote,race,signs,office,money,got
harleyrouda,thank,opponent,trump,people,campaign,mnton_realdonaldtrump,congress,california,vote,united,time,support,rights,russia,need,american,today,let,working,country
bostforcongress,pelosi,nancy,nancy pelosi,opponent,parade,great,election,folks,mike,said,new,endorsement,ad,honored,seeing,old,proud,congress,came,fighting
electbergmann,thank,mnton_realdonaldtrump,trump,president,god,support,great,people,love,democrats,friends,today,vote,2018,thanks,need,make,congress,campaign,congressman
bob_casey,today,thanks,people,great,november,county,work,care,fight,fighting,day,proud,happy,working,health,make,time,vote,like,families
rogerwicker,mnton_potus,mnton_realdonaldtrump,support,proud,military,life,work,pro life,campaign,veteran,veterans,continue,need,border,president,pro,help,secure,join,families
gilpin4congress,facebook,thank,today,district,support,tonight,community,proud,glad,great,campaign,event,watch,school,congress,happy,issues,talk,join,congressional
ron4congress,endorsement,great,county,campaign,grateful,republican,thank,thanks,support,day,night,friend,county republican,conservative,voting,great day,tomorrow,forum,fellow,enjoyed
jaimeforusrep,washington,oregon,thank,today,passed,supporters,election,time,day,rate,fight,going,team,week,proud,ballot,election day,fun,economic,wonderful
rosenfornevada,senator,trump,president trump,senate,president,care,health,today,new,women,vote,year,gt,repeal,tax,ll,thank,help,need,protect
camcavasso,victory,freedom,court,hawaii,law,running,government,america,right,good,join,today,peace,veteran,dc,fellow,war,pay,place,visit
danaforcongress,campaign,lol,way,help,court,vote,florida,new,thank,amazing,liberals,political,ready,stand,americans,team,honor,week,defense,congress
davebratva7th,unemployment,economy,tax,americans,house,democrats,enjoyed,thanks,10,growth,today,economic,great,meeting,time,republicans,rate,immigration,year,join
voteschrader,oregon,great,great time,support,time,ca,4th,rights,endorsed,came,rep,talking,event,local,hope,candidate,happy,thanks,campaign,proud
joshgottheimer,tax,said,new,rep,families,great,taxes,fighting,working,local,proud,businesses,north,thank,day,ve,state,time,law,support
liebnitzkywayne,mnton_realdonaldtrump,trump,cloud,president,great,veteran,kavanaugh,follow,president trump,help,judge kavanaugh,iran,senator,future,congress,people,check,scott,tour,twitter
jennielouleeder,11,great,house,mike,nation,congress,vote,day,thank,need,join,campaign,support,today,fight,running,sign,want,time,trump
jerameyforms,people,thank,today,state,time,campaign,vote,rep,support,need,great,day,house,young,let,school,ready,congress,make,meet
palmer4alabama,enjoyed,alabama,thank,week,time,republican women,today,weekend,county,work,small,live,great,hard,recent,honor,republican,taxes,house,right life
michaeljcloud,cloud,michael,early,today,voting,forum,time,great,vote,district,night,county,people,harvey,republican women,meet,congress,thank,talking,conservative
marchantfortx24,kenny,tax,means committee,ways means,gop primary,amnesty,taxes,judge,make,tax cuts,cuts,economic,spending,security,act,washington,stop,news,morning,unemployment
clure4congress,lincoln,join,women,today,help,voters,campaign,vote,time,office,health,want,work,support,thanks,day,tomorrow,need,people,talk
lunderwood630,health,support,thank,today,team,proud,campaign,need,women,join,thanks,care,let,congress,time,fight,day,week,people,grateful
joeneguse,hshtg_copolitics,support,honored,vote,today,congress,joe,folks,campaign,02,candidates,night,morning,thanks,great,congressional,rights,day,amazing,make
mbfforcongress,florida,women,el,trump,thank,hshtg_fl27,congress,today,candidates,people,lives,la,let,november,fight,make,running,support,proud,candidate
toftforcongress,great,day,news,weekend,today,jobs,congratulations,need,tax,la,good,bonuses,economy,state,week,government,district,reform,vote,thank
swisherforidaho,time,vote,join,candidates,trump,let,today,county,party,families,pay,district,need,people,state,support,public,year,office,republicans
georgemcdermot3,mnton_youtube,george,corruption,court,secret,justice,district,congress,judge,defense,2018,dc,11,candidate,interview,forum,4th,united states,10,political
hilliardforcong,michigan,need,fight,american,working,john,mnton_youtube,community,kavanaugh,families,ensure,john james,right,good,james,support,thank,win,best,great
matsui4congress,today,day,women,years,years ago,act,ago,happy,sacramento,national,fighting,time,remember,rights,birthday,make sure,men,men women,sure,fight
susanpalmeroh,great,tonight,county,voters,mnton_realdonaldtrump,thank,today,thanks,evening,candidates,work,congress,district,meeting,health,proud,care,night,brunswick,candidate
mikiesherrill,thank,today,new,great,women,congress,need,join,country,tax,vote,like,volunteers,day,proud,running,voters,tonight,campaign,county
andy_levin,michigan,trump,support,great,fight,campaign,people,working,proud,work,ve,mi,today,congress,primary,time,vote,years,check,honored
benmcadams,thanks,love,great,support,thank,washington,campaign,yes,ll,people,parade,political,rep,vote,way,working,talk action,senate,think,money
votelarryrader,american,vote,november,know,trump,play,veteran,residents,dc,united states,early,united,states,000,economy,voting,washington,meet,candidate,way
paul_theobald_,time,let,trump,farmers,residents,campaign,voters,make,thanks,people,opponent,support,today,americans,debate,meet,district,congress,care,state
elizabethforma,mnton_realdonaldtrump,fight,today,people,kavanaugh,town hall,ll,new,families,hall,fighting,town,washington,day,let,hshtg_mapoli,working,country,make,court
dankildee,michigan,great,proud,democrats,people,congress,ready,congratulations,time,fight,republicans,let,families,campaign,state,republican,need,running,win,make
jessforcongress,today,folks,ve,town,got,talking,great,weekend,people,campaign,hall,town hall,voters,need,working,day,community,proud,thank,house
1776notinvain,yes,vote,support,san,pelosi,week,trump,opponent,california,nancy pelosi,gop,obama,ca,nancy,illegal,mnton_realdonaldtrump,mnton_repandybiggsaz,tax,mnton_senangusking,know
wendyrogersaz,wendy,rogers,hshtg_maga,arizona,hshtg_sotu,trump,great,thank,mnton_realdonaldtrump,president,president trump,winning,democrats,need,vote,district,republican,jobs,time,stand
mike_miller_fl,hshtg_fl07,hshtg_flapol,florida,thank,scott,today,great,conservative,congressman,bonuses,day,proud,mike,support,governor,2018,000,join,republican,enjoyed
marklorch,residents,mark,forum,4th,day,open,meet,candidate,important,2018,district,need,happy,like,play,nice,town hall,hall,policies,evening
markdesaulnier,mnton_realdonaldtrump,vote,day,today,protect,thank,american,trump,need,000,california,sacramento,mnton_randpaul,join,proud,people,support,policy,record,history
mike_ca05,thank,love,join,young,congressman,nancy pelosi,national,county fair,pelosi,family,county,nancy,campaign,chairman,time,farmers,veteran,fellow,ballot,enjoyed
linseyfagantx,thank,people,need,vote,support,running,today,candidates,congress,help,time,make,sign,day,working,district,like,campaign,money,signs
alanlowenthal,california,trump,need,long,country,state,kavanaugh,president,know,won,scott,fight,health,americans,american,families,protect,women,like,let
mikesimpson4id,lincoln,thank,day,county republican,county,parade,republican,amazing,congressman,county gop,house,mike,dinner,party,days,great,volunteers,gop,republicans,oregon
mchenrycampaign,today,life,president,great,north,thank,pro life,year,happy,americans,day,tax cuts,america,president trump,cuts,join,birthday,jobs,act,lives
frankdlucas,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
ojeda4congress,west,thank,people,going,like,time,working,know,let,fight,make,right,state,today,need,lol,support,want,vote,big
derekkilmer,congress,washington,proud,week,act,want,people,team,today,need,day,stop,fighting,time,endorsement,state,families,working,trump,needs
joevitollo,obama,talk,say,like,media,president,american,time,way,years,mnton_realdonaldtrump,state,want,liberal,voted,people,trump,america,mnton_foxnews,democrats
hiral4congress,hshtg_az08,arizona,thanks,thank,today,great,support,folks,valley,congress,vote,election,campaign,day,morning,west,mnton_debbielesko,voters,families,time
casper4colorado,hshtg_copolitics,people,day,workshop,hshtg_walkaway,city,community,congressional,candidate,help,join,like,time,conservative,campaign,opponent,need,race,new,party
berryhillfarm,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
peopleforben,new mexico,new,today,day,mexico,stand,country,great,work,fighting,protect,people,right,proud,united,vote,primary,team,america,women
kindforcongress,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
votemarsha,senate,mnton_realdonaldtrump,support,great,conservative,thank,day,senator,state,president,today,county,vote,tax,mnton_potus,fight,congratulations,make,birthday,work
timwalberg,county,great,county fair,day,parade,enjoyed,fair,time,lincoln,dinner,night,michigan,great time,thanks,friend,support,mnton_johnjamesmi,constitution,honor,year
dhughescongress,thank,county,parade,great,county fair,time,thanks,hshtg_maga,fair,president,mnton_realdonaldtrump,today,wonderful,republican,campaign,support,meet,endorsement,great time,vote
kellyforms01,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
d17forellison,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
teamkendrawv,west,people,know,congress,working,today,need,candidates,freedom,time,fight,vote,year,going,money,rep,day,right,candidate,big
smallingforcd35,david,vote,congress,let,work,like,republican,working,voting,help,democrats,money,san,early,primary,opponent,follow,election,people,want
johngaramendi,california,rep,look forward,john,look,forward,campaign,proud,home,ve,trump,country,district,happy,work,election,congress,people,time,russia
patriotnotpol,mnton_realdonaldtrump,trump,california,media,hshtg_maga,people,president,like,lol,illegal,left,mnton_randpaul,congress,ca,thank,border,love,great,democrats,need
cheribustos,great,time,day,great time,women,today,congress,thanks,real,thank,mnton_angiecraigmn,ve,morning,going,amazing,work,governor,candidates,afternoon,office
tomgravesga14,mnton_briankempga,hshtg_gapol,big,new,today,house,proud,governor,passed,week,year,congressman,support,mnton_potus,tour,way,republican,county,happy,state
bobmenendeznj,trump,new,fighting,women,today,senator,kavanaugh,rights,need,proud,vote,000,people,like,year,senate,make,stand,tax,thank
douglas_collins,mnton_briankempga,trump,president,unemployment,conservative,news,hshtg_gapol,good,economy,democrats,americans,liberal,reform,jobs,support,growth,media,great,mnton_foxnews,hshtg_maga
davidkustoff,david,county,west,great,glad,today,congressman,thank,primary congress,president,day,right life,tour,trump,support,president trump,honored,republican,rep,work
jimmypanetta,place,county,election,tomorrow,primary,california,looking,looking forward,parade,forward,san,support,men women,endorsed,great time,believe,men,endorsement,continue,voting
twines4congress,hshtg_maga,mnton_realdonaldtrump,michigan,mnton_scottpresler,people,mi,democrats,mnton_benshapiro,trump,time,ll,let,politicians,work,man,liberals,conservative,justice,president,make
electbizon2018,michigan,team,help,congress,need,people,fight,mi,great,candidate,make,vote,join,district,thank,like,new,today,follow,stand
nickstellamd,hope,judge kavanaugh,ways,kavanaugh,judge,left,jobs,team,let,district,join,campaign,today,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga
gtsagan,chairman,amendment,committee,congressman,days,republican,house,election,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop
zablackwolf,mnton_youtube,liked,video,lol,people,twitter,trump,liberals,mnton_benshapiro,white,mnton_realdonaldtrump,like,man,know,time,clinton,think,liberal,left,yes
tomemmer,thank,today,great,congratulations,thanks,honor,forward,happy,day,looking,looking forward,mnton_potus,good,mnton_realdonaldtrump,work,farm,state,working,cloud,hard
dannytarkanian,hshtg_nv03,mnton_dannytarkanian,mnton_susieleenv,thank,mnton_potus,great,mnton_realdonaldtrump,today,trump,debate,dc,time,support,day,game,good,president,campaign,win,hshtg_maga
shapiro4fl16,hshtg_flapol,campaign,today,fight,care,thank,need,florida,folks,day,ve,election,health,congressman,fighting,join,make,time,endorsed,let
teamcmr,thanks,washington,great,today,parade,people,thank,health,support,tax,year,years,working,team,day,supporters,women,proud,time,sign
michaelcburgess,north,today,president,house,week,mnton_realdonaldtrump,american,morning,mark,passed,discuss,nation,fellow,americans,act,town hall,town,yesterday,years,hall
bryansteilforwi,great,tune,ll,today,county,parade,afternoon,opponent,fun,day,need,join,talking,campaign,interview,congress,county fair,conservative,issues,morning
chelefarley,new,interview,today,tune,senate,senator,live,talking,president,campaign,watch,thank,check,thanks,state,mnton_realdonaldtrump,great,funding,years,happy
jasoncrowco6,coffman,today,campaign,mnton_repmikecoffman,mike,thank,support,community,honored,team,thanks,make,district,join,help,night,day,great,proud,time
tulsigabbard,hawaii,people,korea,peace,today,war,north,need,act,congress,big,trump,country,home,support,make,day,vote,community,military
katiehill4ca,thank,katie,today,women,volunteers,proud,california,support,valley,doors,team,time,make,like,voters,know,need,office,running,candidates
teamkraus,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
joecourtneyct,working,polls,gt,day,great,trump,thanks,look forward,win,tomorrow,look,families,secret,hard,forward,tonight,tax reform,corruption,join,election
betoorourke,town hall,town,hall,houston,san,el,people,state,road,grateful,day,country,campaign,morning,hope,county,great,thanks,way,ve
ryantrundlecd4,congress,need,campaign,vote,running,money,people,la,district,power,make,mnton_youtube,federal,help,november,congratulations,great,state,government,katie
kennedy4alabama,alabama,great,thanks,thank,today,support,tonight,day,candidates,campaign,candidate,twitter,women,family,help,running,follow,vote,county,house
gscott4congress,scott,thank,people,support,today,george,campaign,house,help,join,district,need,great,trump,candidates,day,working,service,candidate,morning
grossman4nj,democrats,trump,hshtg_walkaway,mnton_realdonaldtrump,america,media,meet,like,people,city,new,judge kavanaugh,need,republicans,campaign,hshtg_maga,american,meeting,kavanaugh,judge
hiro4you2,mnton_realdonaldtrump,lol,trump,know,really,thanks,campaign,mnton_benshapiro,running,obama,president,need,appreciate,video,congress,president trump,rights,hshtg_maga,friend,000
gaither4il,mnton_foxnews,mnton_realdonaldtrump,district,people,ve,need,america,tax,year,great,congress,mnton_potus,know,economy,town,like,support,time,tax reform,campaign
quigleycampaign,trump,today,house,talk,republicans,american,right,great,ll,community,fight,house representatives,know,joined,glad,corruption,like,security,said,russia
johnny_congress,mnton_realdonaldtrump,california,patriots,help,need,mnton_potus,time,let,trump,night,corruption,2018,democrats,mnton_antoniosabatojr,america,talk,live,today,vote,stop
jamie_raskin,school,vote,high,join,voting,proud,let,end,thx,early,today,young,great,campaign,tonight,trump,year,rights,political,people
teamheinrich,new mexico,mexico,hshtg_nmpol,new,trump,join,make,need,better,country,today,like,republicans,care,public,time,campaign,president,help,people
jimburgess7,sunday,committee,school,running,state,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07
reelectwittman,great,today,day,tax,veterans,military,national,thank,men women,women,tax cuts,men,congratulations,cuts,proud,tax reform,school,make,families,power
darylkipnisesq,hshtg_maga,mnton_realdonaldtrump,winning,message,military,committee,birthday,senator,school,continue,stand,america,let,house,happy,rtwt,new,people,time,thank
johnchrin,great,day,thank,today,afternoon,campaign,time,night,county,morning,sanctuary,tax,annual,evening,cuts,jobs,tax cuts,john,team,meet
pingreeforme,maine,great,friends,ve,know,congress,veterans,small,business,issues,talk,like,campaign,dinner,video,follow,war,evening,folks,president trump
joemanchinwv,joe,west,health,care,watch,today,people,state,news,know,fighting,000,families,ad,day,protect,support,business,working,secure
traunerforwy,facebook,live,thanks,ready,county,tonight,time,dc,stop,elected,today,hope,week,money,got,event,meet,tour,campaign,people
stevenpalazzo,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
voterobdavidson,michigan,people,town,town hall,opponent,hall,thanks,congress,big,running,mi,support,need,west,thank,mnton_realdonaldtrump,campaign,today,doors,trump
salforcongress,mnton_realdonaldtrump,great,let,need,thank,like,news,veteran,support,american,event,state,2018,day,mnton_potus,10,district,happy,needs,mnton_karringtonsc
iantoddformn,today,people,hall,town,cloud,need,town hall,time,mnton_sensanders,make,let,help,folks,like,farmers,happy,know,support,country,ll
mimiwaltersca,katie,gas,gas tax,california,sacramento,taxes,team,mnton_cagop,liberal,tax,repeal,days,election,thank,happy,today,democrats,great,recent,pelosi
gasperforoh10,vote,today,day,thank,women,mike,ready,great,candidates,congress,district,thanks,election,proud,support,voting,primary,come,amazing,yes
eddieedwardsnh,mnton_eddieedwardsnh,hshtg_nhpolitics,nh,great,hshtg_leadright,candidate,today,new,day,voters,thank,afternoon,primary,republican,town,team,gop,meeting,time,morning
clvaliente4,god,california,mnton_realdonaldtrump,god bless,bless,great,like,life,america,today,people,2018,video,mi,american,time,good,make,unemployment,pro life
joshuascottca32,people,trump,mnton_scottpresler,california,republican,candidate,mnton_realdonaldtrump,patriots,congress,president trump,la county,obama,president,iran,ca,taxes,tax,office,cuts,true
lizforindiana,people,thank,support,health,working,congress,let,women,care,need,town,ve,today,district,trump,day,vote,campaign,great,town hall
barrforcongress,tax,tax reform,county,reform,liberal,great,tax cuts,jobs,cuts,growth,thanks,mnton_potus,gop,team,came,conservative,economy,today,economic,act
gressmannforsc6,people,time,mnton_realdonaldtrump,america,meeting,democrats,gop,deal,think,mnton_potus,trump,obama,party,hshtg_maga,great,kavanaugh,twitter,new,peace,republican
garretgraves,years,morning,happy,time,joe,great,stay,united states,passed,grateful,beautiful,united,states,watch,sign,come,america,week,year,thanks
kanew,people,video,great,like,vote,new,day,today,opponent,thank,good,thanks,running,need,time,right,gop,big,ve,county
allawsonjr,leader,meet,campaign,house,join,office,florida,hshtg_flapol,today,nancy,day,nancy pelosi,great,thank,vote,pelosi,ve,believe,endorsement,election
stevestivers,mnton_troy_balderson,great,talking,parade,morning,happy,folks,november,mnton_karringtonsc,tax reform,thanks,weekend,hope,voters,today,tax,family,week,county,doors
hank4ky,support,thanks,amnesty,time,issues,nation,run,health,district,corruption,need,care,talk,congress,come,want,road,house,great,like
karenhandel,hshtg_gapol,today,great,tax cuts,day,cuts,ve,tax,vote,act,year,time,president trump,working,make,funding,economy,economic,district,house
serranocongress,new,proud,general,action,bring,members,fighting,friend,protect,endorsement,continue,candidate,fight,trump,house,rtwt,congress,gt,grateful,follow
jason2cd,hshtg_mn02,mnton_angiecraigmn,tax,great,day,time,recent,jobs,today,days,cuts,parade,dakota,tax cuts,act,ve,economy,women,week,support
carolynbmaloney,women,proud,mnton_realdonaldtrump,today,ve,support,thanks,new,rights,make,fighting,fight,vote,people,need,congress,join,great,election,time
steve4kansas,thank,thanks,today,great,mnton_rogermarshallmd,proud,mnton_potus,forward,team,hshtg_leadright,looking forward,looking,morning,republican,running,district,county,debate,tonight,race
stewartforutah,great,day,interview,win,nation,george,life,100,thank,week,trump,senate,president,won,excited,town hall,thanks,school,hall,look
knight4congress,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
teamamash,spending,parade,great,day,thanks,county republican,congress,lincoln,government,fun,people,tax,today,house,michigan,law,dinner,party,ve,volunteers
mikebishopmi,michigan,today,open,mnton_vp,government,democrats,tax reform,unemployment,blessed,rate,great,obama,ensure,stay,united states,evening,passed,leader,reform,united
mccreadyfornc,county,great,race,today,thanks,folks,time,north,country,ve,district,day,grateful,let,week,women,politicians,like,make,proud
rick_neal,thank,today,proud,congress,folks,work,county,voters,campaign,ve,support,thanks,time,working,day,running,great,rep,vote,need
rogermarshallmd,mnton_rogermarshallmd,today,farm,great,house,thank,congressman,mnton_realdonaldtrump,farmers,tune,hshtg_sotu,rep,discuss,work,meeting,day,economy,thanks,time,ll
andre4congress,help,congressman,join,doors,saturday,voting,primary,come,2018,day,team,want,10,parade,vote,sign,check,looking,local,today
bonnie4congress,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
markholbrook_me,maine,mark,liberals,house,mnton_youtube,world,god,day,parade,liberal,help,join,trump,washington,sanford,great,brunswick,country,people,american
cedricrichmond,new,join,thank,today,2018,day,senator,great,game,congressional,kavanaugh,american,happy,rights,john,young,special,chairman,rep,issues
daynasteele,houston,thanks,people,need,women,love,today,make,good,like,day,vote,help,campaign,new,great,school,time,yes,know
billhuizenga,mnton_johnjamesmi,mnton_vp,michigan,great,mnton_realdonaldtrump,john james,mnton_mariabartiromo,day,senate,today,like,thanks,mnton_foxnews,people,bonuses,president,friend,katie,win,john
toddlitton,02,houston,join,today,weekend,thank,harvey,early,campaign,saturday,sign,day,vote,support,voting,meeting,election,county,great,enjoyed
scottpeterssd,san,thanks,congratulations,nice,great,good,new,know,day,thank,news,work,think,today,game,trump,public,office,years,california
sheldonforri,great,thanks,weekend,wendy,make,fighting,november,join,vote,doors,thank,state,proud,sure,saturday,time,need,voters,democrats,joined
johnfbriscoe,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
ajaforcongress,mnton_ajaforcongress,mnton_repmarktakano,thank,mnton_foxnews,california,ca,help,yes,vote,mnton_antoniosabatojr,mnton_realdonaldtrump,win,need,mnton_cagop,2018,support,great,district,gas tax,people
jodeyarrington,congratulations,defending,florida,game,friend,win,primary,national,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop
mobirise,mnton_youtube,live,free,new,support,video,th,nice,team,help,share,business,watch,check,working,message,opportunity,school,issues,ll
degette5280,thank,honored,scott,time,hshtg_copolitics,today,women,great,day,families,fight,friends,ice,good,make,governor,proud,receive,support,spending
votevicente,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
mikeforwi,read,rate,game,good,like,debate,sunday,veterans,great,watch,best,county fair,team,news,reagan,years,country,tax reform,work,unemployment
marthamcsally,arizona,today,border,gt,senate,liberal,military,veterans,great,thank,thanks,day,working,morning,valley,campaign,west,hshtg_leadright,new,join
matta4congress,thank,support,today,military,california,country,la,let,day,proud,women,time,families,ready,campaign,people,amazing,vote,congratulations,service
vroman_robert,deck make,broker,vintage,make possible,workshop,play,deal,want,make,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans
sara4congress,thank,great,county,today,need,people,parade,district,vote,public,immigration,join,health,facebook,make,day,right,real,support,time
morgangriffith,great,thank,county,day,congressman,today,annual,ready,thanks,parade,time,stop,excited,support,night,november,great time,doors,beautiful,morning
mad4pa,thank,great,support,women,today,congress,day,tonight,time,candidates,public,night,happy,work,morning,proud,make,need,join,excited
heidiheitkamp,north dakota,dakota,north,war,farmers,ve,ll,today,like,day,thanks,proud,folks,team,care,parade,work,yesterday,health,senate
juliabrownley,women,trump,today,great time,year,california,time,rights,president,weekend,people,nation,families,great,working,judge kavanaugh,fighting,getting,hear,ago
aguilarcampaign,sure,hard,california,veterans,working,trump,americans,right,year,work,make,federal,people,making,america,american,rights,real,political,make sure
jamesthompsonks,thank,james,support,vote,help,people,thanks,need,great,veteran,running,like,mnton_sensanders,candidates,time,district,today,let,congress,2018
notpoliticians,michigan,katie,voters,ballot,politicians,court,end,volunteers,people,vote,today,state,power,mi,right,yes,make,000,check,got
dennyheck,day,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress
chrispappasnh,hshtg_nhpolitics,nh,great,today,thanks,new,day,doors,proud,excited,support,time,campaign,voters,ice,vote,tonight,state,primary,night
price4wnc,people,working,mark,today,vote,thank,help,county,great,candidate,right,need,health,time,house,support,make,care,work,protect
rickgreenma,hshtg_mapoli,great,thank,doors,today,campaign,people,day,like,glad,candidate,congress,time,city,tour,help,thanks,hear,night,congressional
ann_kirkpatrick,arizona,thank,team,voters,today,vote,thanks,day,work,let,doors,support,time,folks,great,volunteers,morning,amazing,happy,wonderful
teamcockburn,doors,district,candidate,team,today,people,great,join,ready,weekend,office,county,debate,day,democrats,make,excited,need,come,thank
alysegalvin,today,vote,thank,campaign,support,come,state,stop,women,got,meet,community,time,let,congress,running,people,ve,folks,ready
captclayhiggins,hshtg_maga,bless,mnton_realdonaldtrump,god,great,god bless,endorsement,trump,day,thank,mnton_potus,taxes,look forward,follow,ballot,committee,rep,coming,continue,gop
bilirakis,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
peacock4ca42,vote,ca,thanks,people,trump,congress,thank,let,running,support,district,yes,right,know,like,help,california,need,public,mnton_realdonaldtrump
newbergerjim,senate,campaign,fun,great,today,senator,folks,day,trump,new,state,honored,want,voted,event,good,thank,president trump,people,parade
colinallredtx,vote,today,north,join,early,day,thank,campaign,make,election,doors,team,time,voted,people,support,proud,great,voting,congress
joeschneiderma,hshtg_mapoli,mnton_johnjamesmi,primary,west,prayers,night,need,message,candidates,michigan,congratulations,nation,voters,ll,meeting,team,ve,let,week,join
ericholguintx,vote,opponent,need,election,cloud,support,special,thank,help,campaign,let,fight,today,like,voting,candidate,district,time,make,ve
dankohlwi,time,folks,day,people,today,america,americans,health,washington,russia,make,american,gop,congress,county,let,great,good,election,country
marinopa10,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
lisa4congress,washington,congress,thank,thanks,people,today,campaign,health,great,new,opponent,leadership,time,need,community,voters,farmers,support,house,volunteers
nitalowey,mnton_potus,trump,health,women,today,funding,house,amendment,president,hshtg_sotu,new,policy,federal,congress,president trump,statement,members,mnton_realdonaldtrump,time,hugo
senatorsylvia,houston,day,today,la,el,women,thank,school,join,week,vote,love,congress,work,families,make,community,let,trump,great
omarqudrat1,san,nation,congressman,thank,people,iran,state,congress,scott,military,vote,american,announce,blessed,proud,chairman,california,republican,veterans,gov
jstevemcfall,new mexico,border,mexico,strong,democrats,hshtg_nmpol,president,state,vote,mnton_realdonaldtrump,good,new,committee,job,god bless,event,voting,republicans,bless,government
tanoos2018,county,great,thank,wonderful,time,great time,people,dinner,candidates,meet,friends,community,support,family,proud,forum,annual,good,district,fair
dwightevanspa,trump,farmers,vote,gop,people,time,make,today,great,house,need,congressman,health,work,support,court,country,new,help,fight
steverussellok,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
nate_mcmurray,thank,people,like,know,think,man,great,ll,debate,say,said,today,vote,got,want,let,love,town,proud,come
foster4congress,stand,need,fight,great,trump,continue,proud,saturday,leadership,today,fighting,mnton_realdonaldtrump,running,stop,primary,families,national,want,election,vote
tammybaldwin,folks,today,special,afternoon,working,work,ve,time,make,need,day,care,like,help,talk,thanks,people,let,hard,health
marcy_kaptur,election,vote,primary,mnton_realdonaldtrump,working,2018,hshtg_oh12,help,today,history,people,dinner,important,families,honored,let,house,need,mnton_troy_balderson,work
bencardinformd,mnton_realdonaldtrump,today,vote,people,day,thanks,great,trump,president,state,said,school,going,thank,senate,community,senator,voting,need,congress
espaillatny,tour,general,welcome,glad,justice,reform,history,city,speaking,leadership,issues,local,nation,candidate,community,meeting,democrats,life,come,national
douglamborncd5,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
liuba4congress,thank,long,campaign,women,today,office,running,support,join,congress,need,time,candidate,working,people,help,day,thanks,vote,trump
beauforcongress,great,thank,today,day,county,need,tonight,folks,katie,morning,stand,congress,county fair,new,parade,going,time,make,candidates,happy
morganformi,michigan,grateful,great,support,team,mi,people,thanks,working,year,ll,thank,tax,day,today,campaign,proud,endorsed,good,know
mooneyforwv,west,today,mnton_realdonaldtrump,great,president,thank,proud,pro life,great time,parade,election,life,congressman,congratulations,pro,amendment,time,november,happy,endorsement
dinorossiwa,washington,weekend,parade,thank,great,family,day,campaign,valley,today,state,great time,honor,excited,thanks,endorsed,amazing,week,happy,join
perrygershon,great,thank,trump,tonight,voters,today,need,joined,candidates,ready,long,thanks,support,evening,talk,forum,talking,right,county,democrats
bettymccollum04,mnton_realdonaldtrump,today,trump,amendment,house,health,federal,american,americans,thank,work,time,congress,proud,office,public,year,national,great,good
adamkinzinger,mnton_foxnews,grateful,president,mnton_realdonaldtrump,day,great,like,thanks,united states,amazing,united,security,states,won,jobs,bonuses,nation,best,honored,america
yvette4congress,new mexico,mexico,hshtg_nmpol,new,great,thank,mnton_sbalist,endorsed,honored,today,county,support,day,great time,named,team,mnton_realdonaldtrump,time,men women,endorsement
kimberlinbrown,campaign,thank,gas tax,join,night,great,gas,facebook,california,support,hope,today,meeting,republican,event,live,tax,repeal,valley,proud
joeforindiana,joe,health,today,care,make,thanks,great,work,day,state,veterans,vote,working,sure,make sure,ll,need,know,families,sign
walterjones2018,thank,2018,dc,washington,today,district,county,great,support,11,conservative,appreciate,wonderful,volunteers,endorsement,day,team,signs,sanctuary,bring
hmforcongress,people,come,district,thanks,help,time,make,support,need,day,thank,working,make sure,right,sure,event,today,great,government,candidate
peter_joffrion,alabama,north,thank,thanks,today,ll,support,great,candidates,campaign,district,day,people,tonight,help,county,florence,working,time,join
dancrenshawtx,great,houston,thank,today,campaign,day,good,thanks,support,endorsement,need,vote,god bless,interview,bless,border,district,congress,early,night
joecunninghamsc,sanford,mark sanford,joe,mnton_karringtonsc,katie,today,opponent,thank,thanks,campaign,new,mark,congress,stop,trump,ad,race,great,watch,support
peterscongress,california,rep,ca,congress,illegal,hshtg_walkaway,mnton_realdonaldtrump,trump,states,district,people,tax,united states,americans,state,vote,united,federal,jobs,support
reelectcummings,trump,today,public,thank,city,president,families,day,people,democrats,2018,let,right,voting,president trump,court,states,time,help,sign
miablove,ve,thank,time,honored,family,women,video,week,support,morning,love,house,local,meeting,tax,working,district,county,nancy,president
collinsny27,county republican,statement,county gop,county,republican,committee,endorsed,campaign,gt,gop,amendment,opponent,happy,grateful,republican women,thank,congressman,great,service,november
dandonovan_ny,great,michael,mnton_realdonaldtrump,day,thank,support,today,new,opponent,campaign,president,time,join,trump,voted,honored,amnesty,tune,community,good
andykimnj,today,join,help,weekend,thank,day,people,need,campaign,doors,night,support,new,days,came,yesterday,end,trump,action,community
andrewfgrant,elk,sacramento,community,california,business,today,town hall,town,hall,great,congress,voters,people,district,ll,want,debate,veterans,good,ca
kevinyoder,thank,parade,today,ice,support,day,congressman,growth,great,americans,mnton_foxnews,campaign,unemployment,days,pelosi,border,jobs,election,nancy pelosi,work
scottrtipton,hshtg_copolitics,debate,great,scott,supporters,visit,rep,friends,district,korea,time,west,farmers,statement,opponent,stay,opening,funding,north,united states
urbannavajo,people,like,james,need,congress,right,campaign,running,today,yes,think,trump,good,want,time,vote,know,love,don,san
bob_gibbs,county,great,doors,good,day,strong,voters,group,parade,volunteers,happy,jobs,economy,taxes,news,night,lincoln,working,mnton_troy_balderson,unemployment
teampelosi,republicans,trump,nancy,pelosi,nancy pelosi,tax,people,care,americans,want,republican,gop,country,know,today,health,thank,leader,washington,families
welchforvt,honored,border,support,endorsement,today,4th,kavanaugh,congress,receive,congressman,great,primary,honor,right,trump,judge kavanaugh,happy,join,state,vote
debfischerne,thank,great,county,morning,mnton_sbalist,today,farm,support,time,afternoon,visit,senator,fun,proud,team,city,endorsement,state,day,good
tabithak,alabama,today,let,people,need,thank,make,time,good,come,know,thanks,candidate,day,support,care,great,vote,work,help
coleforcongress,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
ed4colorado,trump,thank,congress,today,great,people,day,republicans,ballot,doors,lives,care,county,year,voting,years ago,pay,tax,let,sign
filemonvela,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
joshuawelle,need,thank,new,people,let,congress,thanks,today,support,join,great,time,candidate,town,work,town hall,leadership,day,district,hall
repblumenauer,trump,gop,oregon,house,congress,farm,health,need,farmers,people,public,leadership,time,fight,protect,republicans,amendment,state,right,today
mikerogerscamp,hshtg_maga,mnton_realdonaldtrump,alabama,democrats,ice,america,thank,great,americans,hard,borders,today,clinton,rights,like,new,getting,love,rogers,remember
jackbergman_mi1,politicians talking,soo,talk action,locks,rebuilding,mi,politicians,action,talking,talk,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th
mariacantwell,washington,today,state,tour,thank,honored,vote,protect,health,volunteers,women,event,tomorrow,americans,senate,day,need,like,thanks,local
teamjeffries,obama,dc,100,really,race,court,record,real,run,hear,congratulations,live,republicans,tomorrow,days,hard,years,right,working,morning
tedforcongress,florida,end,remember,voters,primary,2018,election,rtwt,new,today,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th
kdeleon,california,ca,thank,today,senate,mnton_realdonaldtrump,trump,proud,state,time,100,san,future,support,la,president,fight,ll,families,morning
elissaslotkin,michigan,great,security,today,mi,proud,thanks,congress,national,night,day,people,like,need,president,endorsement,speak,members,ve,repeal
cardenasforca,members,sacramento,community,make,100,thank,today,got,needs,families,know,california,la,mnton_potus,ice,appreciate,video,justice,years ago,10
tomricesc7,katie,twitter,passed,early,wonderful,young,school,law,sure,friends,want,family,right,night,district,year,like,support,thank,gt
kristenforfl,race,receive,today,news,honored,polls,campaign,primary,going,tonight,thanks,open,florida,running,remember,let,help,district,need,join
defazio4oregon,michael,power,committee,lot,protect,national,news,president,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop
rothfusforpa,voters,great,day,community,time,meeting,new,talking,today,enjoyed,economic,great time,parade,country,growth,economy,nation,days,life,businesses
krhern,mnton_potus,support,honored,campaign,tax reform,unemployment,country,economy,tax,join,great,congress,thank,conservative,today,team,ll,reform,jobs,life
maziehirono,hawaii,mnton_maziehirono,kavanaugh,judge kavanaugh,judge,today,court,mnton_realdonaldtrump,senate,trump,president,hurricane,people,country,women,senator,like,white,residents,committee
deb4congressnm,hshtg_nmpol,new mexico,thank,mexico,women,new,congress,trump,american,campaign,support,need,fight,today,people,endorsement,country,proud,make,great
eliotrabinforus,eliot,mnton_benshapiro,city,talking,voters,look,america,american,new,congress,day,twitter,fellow,policies,annual,parade,think,say,men,love
gt_teamgt,gt,congressman,town hall,hall,town,county,live,team,fair,tonight,great,day,thanks,american,2018,county fair,republicans,support,tour,republican
vote4mckellar,vote,let,trump,thank,congress,need,opponent,want,love,district,president,make,running,help,thanks,women,america,2018,work,news
laurenbaer,join,today,time,people,florida,doors,voters,vote,day,mast,make,women,know,county,great,congress,thank,days,proud,country
votefortrey,hshtg_leadright,year,unemployment,great,thanks,county gop,gop,news,korea,county,house,day,mnton_potus,today,peace,mike,politicians,ca,taxes,great day
jahanahayesct,thank,support,vote,year,congress,national,primary,candidate,people,today,running,great,help,campaign,district,new,day,need,night,time
drz4congress,thank,florida,mnton_youtube,support,join,women,today,candidate,people,running,vote,district,make,tomorrow,like,time,live,candidates,help,day
lapolicealan,farmers,day,trump,war,want,today,vote,money,farm,days,primary,yesterday,right,night,make,funding,discuss,wonderful,city,won
votemorelle,time,grateful,support,community,women,trump,congress,today,polls,great,proud,nation,friends,continue,evening,stand,fight,thank,need,opportunity
electbrannon,mnton_youtube,party,trump,vote,10,security,need,tax,cuts,years,republicans,pay,want,left,gop,veterans,know,house,like,2018
ratcliffetx4,gt,early,voting,night,thanks,vote,today,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago
louforsenate,great,mnton_realdonaldtrump,county,senate,today,tour,day,support,tax cuts,thank,senator,cuts,white,thanks,tax,sanctuary,campaign,state,president,voted
jim_banks,trump,democrats,great,today,news,tax,mnton_potus,house,best,american,gop,time,president,pelosi,party,pro life,friend,state,america,good
boerio4congress,thanks,joe,thank,great,time,county,forum,candidates,week,house,party,congress,tonight,today,running,vote,candidate,yesterday,great time,family
electfrench,day,great,congressman,dinner,county,join,today,campaign,thank,small,business,watch,gt,nation,families,family,morning,white,election,fun
smurphycongress,hshtg_fl07,hshtg_flapol,florida,today,proud,join,congress,make,team,day,honored,weekend,rep,talk,work,thanks,women,make sure,tonight,sure
joekennedy,congressman,health,joe,proud,mnton_angiecraigmn,care,today,rep,houston,fight,great,ll,day,support,gop,friend,grateful,thank,people,thanks
amymcgrathky,today,thanks,time,county,great,trump,women,congress,gop,day,like,people,country,years,military,thank,new,need,house,office
votepaulwalker,congress,candidates,today,people,thank,farm,time,primary,security,support,house,need,candidate,think,help,great,congressional,voters,young,won
diehlforsenate,geoff,hshtg_mapoli,senate,republican,candidate,endorsed,today,thank,live,thanks,senator,great,day,support,join,tonight,campaign,tax,sign,time
mattlongjohn,michigan,mi,thanks,campaign,health,help,district,running,ad,endorsed,vote,today,great,congratulations,people,like,primary,race,time,let
justinfareed,law,congressman,families,ll,today,time,need,work,day,women,know,congress,county,men women,ice,voted,stand,fight,men,live
carter4congress,hshtg_gapol,thanks,job,jobs,ll,thx,time,day,american,small,read,bonuses,congratulations,washington,mnton_briankempga,ve,america,immigration,great,help
miguellevario19,great,opponent,time,trump,thank,day,west,great time,enjoyed,support,meeting,folks,town,campaign,debate,vote,town hall,community,let,families
joinjustin19,mnton_ktvu,hshtg_walkaway,honor,michael,california,mnton_cagop,endorsement,let,congressional district,vote,lol,true,thank,place,mnton_realdonaldtrump,mnton_vp,congressional,stand,going,san
judychucampaign,congress,twitter,ca,joined,welcome,committee,action,political,candidates,voted,running,community,yesterday,morning,help,join,rtwt,new,support,gt
golden4congress,maine,proud,day,campaign,today,great,thanks,tonight,people,stand,primary,hard,working,ll,endorsement,congressional,endorsed,election,vote,new
shireenghorbani,running,thank,people,help,school,support,need,working,district,like,great,congress,know,today,vote,good,time,ve,ll,families
troy_balderson,mnton_troy_balderson,hshtg_oh12,thank,vote,great,hshtg_leadright,county,volunteers,doors,today,team,election,special,day,support,voters,morning,tonight,district,join
stephanyforco,women,thank,running,support,district,vote,candidate,candidates,hshtg_copolitics,need,congress,let,help,congressional,people,time,today,yes,like,amazing
morse4america,today,proud,campaign,time,california,community,ready,el,voters,great,vote,congress,ve,doors,congressman,like,voted,people,fight,county
brettguthrie,enjoyed,week,lincoln,tax reform,district,people,great,leader,reform,wonderful,rights,endorsed,great time,history,parade,senate,congratulations,weekend,better,best
jeffdenham,valley,thank,sacramento,proud,california,community,support,debate,immigration,farmers,stand,endorsement,fighting,today,fight,local,work,great,time,working
jeannineleelake,need,today,vote,women,campaign,running,support,day,people,know,love,like,team,time,congress,county,make,thanks,district,want
coopforcongress,vote,election,voting,today,trump,early,day,days,need,people,primary,state,states,know,county,tomorrow,house,open,new,important
lacyclaymo1,trump,president,people,today,house,republicans,vote,russia,white,american,mnton_realdonaldtrump,america,right,americans,make,families,like,democrats,country,working
electjimbaird,county,great,evening,county republican,republican,enjoyed,day,friends,dinner,party,parade,county fair,chairman,lincoln,fair,county gop,state,morning,gop,annual
jen4congress,great,state,day,today,prayers,thank,fair,candidate,mnton_realdonaldtrump,campaign,republican,let,governor,time,tonight,working,hshtg_mn02,district,senate,candidates
sengillibrand,women,senate,country,need,president,trump,fight,rights,kavanaugh,new,today,fighting,president trump,make,let,families,care,congress,right,day
wmfawell,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
rickseeberger,mnton_realdonaldtrump,el,mnton_foxnews,unemployment,mnton_scottpresler,california,illegal,trump,immigration,really,alabama,reagan,american,country,michael,people,russia,rate,play,constitution
ralphnorman,la,district,great,government,debate,join,10,saturday,god,nation,family,thanks,new,katie,welcome,man,history,sanctuary,opportunity,congressman
abenno,court,annual,check,ll,2018,honored,join,day,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop
pallonefornj,thank,democrats,election,primary,great,trump,new,run,make,today,campaign,gop,congress,tonight,young,officially,join,proud,november,vote
teamvisclosky,2018,strong,join,campaign,early,jobs,sign,ready,voting,stand,primary,good,election,congress,support,time,gt,grateful,follow,issues
stevechabot,day,small,opponent,thank,ve,year,business,weekend,endorsement,ll,fight,team,recent,tax,campaign,right life,seeing,time,lot,county republican
gregtryan4us,signs,win,vote,great,need,4th,district,parade,time,nice,come,want,support,real,talk,life,friends,family,night,trump
francysjohnson,vote,join,thank,congress,time,best,today,proud,trump,help,voters,defense,talk,pay,stand,let,check,district,rights,make
leahvukmir,conservative,senate,senator,great,state,ready,time,today,thanks,ve,support,county,talk,voters,ll,veterans,mnton_realdonaldtrump,gop,need,people
stevenhorsford,today,thank,great,congress,health,support,work,thanks,community,day,care,trump,proud,fight,vote,make,families,need,ll,like
vanessaadiatx12,vote,today,need,women,people,time,thank,make,running,november,power,doors,school,day,join,country,tonight,support,public,town
zenoforcongress,mnton_realdonaldtrump,like,great,people,today,thank,president,happy,american,let,trump,time,democrats,country,district,really,community,birthday,ve,hshtg_maga
zoelofgren,ca,great,running,san,trump,house,year,mnton_angiecraigmn,watch,people,day,gov,friends,american,opponent,make,campaign,time,race,annual
drjimmaxwell,great,county,joe,time,governor,today,night,town hall,corruption,morning,town,hall,public,ll,support,afternoon,campaign,supporters,congress,honor
ginaortizjones,thank,women,today,san,veteran,country,care,health,people,support,congress,great,voted,make,vote,families,el,proud,security,ll
haganforhouse,alabama,people,10,thank,help,need,district,today,know,campaign,rogers,support,make,let,want,vote,join,women,like,candidate
jennywilsonut,thank,need,state,proud,support,women,today,let,glad,ve,county,time,help,senate,love,campaign,work,great,families,ready
meuser4congress,county,today,great,campaign,evening,event,day,thank,morning,afternoon,support,tonight,came,republican,night,forum,thanks,check,honored,team
dgvaladao,sacramento,valley,california,today,gas tax,fight,women,years,join,man,years ago,day,veterans,share,saturday,great,sign,ago,world,lives
dandebono,american,liberal,long,mnton_realdonaldtrump,jobs,opponent,america,great,taxes,power,national,money,new,yes,free,tax,left,need,people,business
jefferyadovejr,people,great,today,thanks,like,time,hshtg_leadright,opponent,voters,going,talking,families,really,day,sure,years,make,family,forum,event
robarlett,state,mnton_realdonaldtrump,senator,time,primary,people,need,make,vote,thank,country,senate,support,amazing,going,forward,look forward,america,immigration,republican
richpezzullonj,new,today,great,county,thank,state,years,day,people,tonight,senator,looking forward,like,forward,american,working,looking,district,county gop,friends
sherrodbrown,day,make,need,today,americans,tax,work,country,people,like,families,working,fight,ve,help,fighting,hshtg_oh12,sure,election,making
liz_cheney,thanks,great,county gop,honored,county,right,iran,friend,proud,thank,mnton_realdonaldtrump,deal,today,gop,day,morning,grateful,night,women,new
paulmitchell4us,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
langevinforri,great,join,proud,act,committee,annual,yesterday,support,state,day,help,joined,today,public,event,security,federal,work,check,weekend
tom_suozzi,hall,town,town hall,great,hope,ll,join,week,check,day,today,parade,saturday,opening,tonight,campaign,good,congressman,came,thank
scotttaylorva,great,thank,today,day,mnton_foxnews,people,military,scott,thanks,good,help,friend,time,mnton_realdonaldtrump,trump,appreciate,hope,house,president,happy
jimrenacci,county,thanks,mnton_realdonaldtrump,today,tax,great,senate,afternoon,mnton_vp,tax cuts,cuts,president,county fair,mnton_potus,jobs,senator,support,talk,fair,day
peteryuco,great,thank,country,county,candidate,day,district,speaking,support,weekend,looking,congressional,america,week,night,opponent,happy,congressional district,signs,debate
randyhultgren,voting,mnton_sbalist,day,small,fight,friends,years,today,constitution,residents,great day,general,businesses,policies,means,receive,early,11,city,think
debbieforfl,florida,today,debbie,trump,thank,women,congress,vote,republicans,ready,make,let,la,health,congressman,care,families,like,day,stand
spmaloney,race,said,hard,trump,house,need,kavanaugh,join,thanks,war,great,mnton_realdonaldtrump,office,better,local,days,house representatives,clinton,week,liberal
almaforcongress,early,business,voting,tomorrow,make,north,enjoyed,message,endorsed,make sure,bring,november,open,check,coming,remember,primary,sure,national,2018
mattgaetz,mnton_foxnews,mnton_realdonaldtrump,florida,great,trump,people,think,today,time,house,ve,rep,congressman,president,congress,hshtg_flapol,russia,special,twitter,got
vote4ges,florida,november,thanks,night,candidate,support,meet,let,day,happy,voters,state,4th,voting,great,evening,come,secure,want,veterans
bradleybyrne,alabama,today,primary,day,morning,happy,election,sure,vote,honor,live,great,ballot,honored,good,make,forward,look forward,men women,north
kathymanningnc,thanks,great,day,today,campaign,support,north,time,team,thank,county,people,ve,high,women,florence,proud,tonight,voters,good
electadamsmith,need,stand,americans,support,ve,make,strong,fight,great,proud,protect,kavanaugh,important,today,right,working,president,candidate,work,day
repalgreen,president,today,trump,mnton_realdonaldtrump,vote,bring,justice,congress,president trump,great,day,america,houston,deal,make,rep,new,family,right,policy
markwaynemullin,president,president trump,trump,people,hshtg_sotu,tax,mnton_realdonaldtrump,economy,town hall,country,hall,great,bonuses,mnton_potus,town,borders,american,year,join,stand
donnashalala,hshtg_fl27,la,florida,el,hshtg_flapol,mi,today,day,make,health,thank,vote,care,voting,early,rights,work,years,campaign,honored
mitranoforny23,congress,vote,new,people,campaign,today,thank,running,need,county,meet,district,ll,working,primary,great,week,day,support,time
janforcongress,campaign,today,trump,house,tomorrow,thanks,women,voters,gop,meet,join,mnton_potus,congress,need,vote,meeting,want,help,ll,great
jrmarjefferson,people,taxes,real,way,tax,working,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago
westermanar,county,great,dinner,campaign,lincoln,today,day,great time,time,team,el,help,continue,meet,republican,fight,sign,early,vote,night
pascrellfornj,campaign,new,opening,polls,day,thank,today,great,open,ll,tax,join,election,people,signs,yes,election day,record,great time,speaking
votecarrigan,joe,today,thank,campaign,president,people,trump,congress,great,opponent,happy,help,time,days,thanks,years,need,day,district,women
mccaskill4mo,families,fighting,folks,like,farmers,today,working,war,make,stop,veterans,need,big,help,fight,doors,know,money,work,join
miketurneroh,great,parade,big,endorsed,said,week,night,good,happy,work,vote,tour,today,tune,announce,appreciate,governor,doors,ballot,discuss
bobbyscott4va3,enjoyed,time,really,annual,campaign,city,today,great,office,community,yesterday,election,vote,day,governor,opening,seeing,committee,spending,lot
reneehoagenson,need,vote,people,thanks,support,help,congress,work,country,thank,pay,small,time,voted,money,family,ll,follow,needs,business
charliecrist,florida,today,thank,need,god bless,bless,time,congressman,people,right,god,protect,proud,day,great,rights,family,service,lives,congratulations
timbjorkmansd,dakota,group,campaign,follow,supporters,fair,afternoon,parade,state,talking,great,debate,evening,city,today,congressional,people,day,morning,speaking
hoyos4congress,today,great,day,congress,meet,candidates,county,thanks,time,women,want,enjoyed,getting,come,campaign,remember,join,vote,need,hope
tedyoho,great,county,team,today,time,great time,discuss,friends,thank,forum,vote,tune,tonight,candidate,florida,campaign,yesterday,joined,join,share
tommcclintock,debate,opponent,today,issues,immigration,come,afternoon,policies,pro,record,elk,left,live,voters,ve,country,need,border,time,liberals
steveavonloor,hshtg_walkaway,american,mnton_realdonaldtrump,let,david,democrats,people,north,want,america,4th,mnton_potus,congress,left,support,district,women,like,great,congressman
youngforiowa,parade,great,david,today,join,great time,team,time,days,sure,sign,day,morning,young,congressman,county,birthday,support,happy,meeting
youngkimcd39,thank,great,young,wonderful,district,community,la,mnton_cagop,women,time,meeting,weekend,voters,night,fight,annual,proud,american,california,congratulations
axne4congress,meet,evening,thank,county,campaign,democrats,join,great,today,talking,endorsement,afternoon,day,vote,forum,morning,time,proud,district,ready
jamesodonnellny,great,county,annual,day,event,time,people,friends,valley,thank,new,today,support,join,american,town,running,congressional,proud,congressional district
rokhanna,americans,trump,need,people,war,america,american,tax,congress,country,work,republicans,california,jobs,pay,make,new,states,money,years
jackiewalorski,county,thank,life,great,county fair,strong,work,working,protect,parade,need,excited,women,fair,fighting,day,glad,pro life,getting,today
joinpaulcook,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
johnjoyceforpa,john,ad,tonight,vote,new,candidate,congress,great,race,life,candidates,district,hshtg_leadright,join,ballot,primary,people,honored,ve,support
cristinaosmena,hshtg_walkaway,taxes,women,senator,love,kavanaugh,mnton_therealjohnhcox,things,house,political,time,hope,families,country,good,happy,judge,dc,vote,new
rcurtis808,mnton_sensanders,mnton_maziehirono,hawaii,people,peace,mnton_randpaul,care,health,constitution,means,corruption,rights,like,security,policies,freedom,100,action,political,special
albiosiresnj,gt,grateful,follow,issues,make sure,sanford,mnton_briankempga,young,voted,th,veterans,county gop,pay,years ago,hshtg_fl07,end,esa,facebook,mnton_ajaforcongress,school
claudiatenney,pelosi,new,nancy pelosi,nancy,corruption,week,liberal,today,thank,families,governor,great,honor,liberals,small,president trump,politicians,illegal,gov,county
lutchigayot,mnton_realdonaldtrump,hshtg_maga,free,people,freedom,business,life,let,god,debate,running,congress,love,small,right,help,good,new,way,president
